1 i am looking for a particular restaurant it is called pizza hut city centre	it s a cheap italian place in the centre at regent street city centre cb21ab the phone number is 01223323737 would you like more info ?
2 that sounds like just the place ! can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on thursday ?	you re all set i ve got a table for 2 at 19:45 this thursday your reference number is f3k2pqzz
3 ok sounds good thank you !	you are welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
4 that is all thank you for your help !	you re welcome have a great day

1 i am looking for an expensive italian restaurant	there is an expensive italian restaurant named frankie and bennys at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton would you like to go there or choose another ?
2 great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on sunday ?	unfortunately there are no tables available please try another day or time slot
3 how about 10:30 on sunday ? and may i have a reference number ?	i was able to book a table for 5 at 10:30 on sunday your reference number is mbc9e6al is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that is all thank you so much for your help	you re welcome good-bye

1 i need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	would you prefer british indian or chinese food or a gastropub ?
2 i don t have a preference	the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 yes please give me their address	their address is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town what is the address and food ?	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food and is located at 20 milton road chesterton or royal spice serves indian food and is on victoria avenue chesterton
2 thank you	thank you goodbye

1 hi i want an expensive restaurant east part of town please	royal standard is a gastropub in east is this ok ?
2 is there any other expensive restaurant in east ?	yes there are four other options what kind of food would you like ?
3 it doesn t matter just not gastropub	may i recommend the grafton hotel restaurant then ? they re very british very expensive and located in the east part of town
4 that sounds like something i would enjoy could you give me the address and phone number ?	certainly the grafton hotel restaurant is at 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the number there is 01223 241387 can i be of further assistance ?
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day ! goodbye

1 i m looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant	i m sorry but there aren t any moderately priced polish restaurants should i check other price ranges or a different type of food ?
2 yes can you please check for a turkish restaurant ?	there are two results anatolia restaurant and efes restaurant both server turkish food in the moderate price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 may i have the address for anatolia ?	yes the address for anatolia is 30 bridge street city centre
4 thank you	thank you

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town	there are several options available in the town centre is there a particular cuisine that you would prefer ? asian chinese indian italian mediterranean modern european portuguese or spanish ?
2 i want a restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food	unfortunately i don t happen to have a listing that matches your request would you like me to try a different price range or cuisine style ?
3 are there any chinese restaurants ?	yes there are 3 chinese restaurants that are in the cheap price range i would recommend the golden house would you like for me to book you a table ?
4 yes please book it for around 20:00 for 3 people	what day would you like to book ?
5 actually scratch that i don t want to book the restaurant could you give me the phone number for the golden house ?	their phone number is 01842753771 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 can you give me the address and postcode as well ?	the golden house is located at 12 lensfield road city centre their postcode is cb21eg can i help you with anything else ?
7 no that s it thanks a bunch	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a danish restaurant	there are no danish restaurants listed may i direct you toward another restaurant ?
2 how about north american food ?	there is one listing for north american food gourmet burger kitchen in centre part of town
3 what is their phone number and postcode ?	postcode: c.b 2 1 a.b phone number is 01223 312598
4 is there anything else ?	that is the only restaurant serving north american food
5 could you give me the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is c.b 2 1 a.b
6 thank you good bye	thank you for using our service good bye

1 is there a restaurant on the north side of town ?	there are several restaurants in the north part of town do you have a preference of price range or type of food ?
2 i don t care	city stop restaurant is an expensive restaurant on the north side of town
3 i would like a restaurant serving swedish food in the north part of town	i m sorry but there are no swedish serving restaurants in that area would you like to expand your search ?
4 how about indian food ?	the royal spice restaurant has a cheap price range
5 what is the address phone number and price range ?	it s address is victoria avenue chesterton and phone number is 01733 553355
6 thank you goodbye	good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food	do you have a specific area in mind ?
2 it doesn t matter	no restaurants serving persian food have been found
3 can i have an european restaurant instead ?	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it is serving european food is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i need the address and phone number	the address of cambridge lodge restaurant is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and the phone number is 01223 355166 may i help you with anything else ?
5 no that does it thank you and goodbye !	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food	i am sorry there are no person food eateries in the centre would you like to find a different type of food ?
2 yes i am looking for a moderate price range	i m sorry we have no persian restaurants in the centre
3 what about modern european foods ?	riverside brasserie looks good would you like a reservation ?
4 yes i want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on sunday	sorry the restaurant doesn t have any openings for that date and time
5 ok ill check latter	alright have a good day

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	the lucky star is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town
2 are there any other places ?	nandos is a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south would you like their information ?
3 sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve portuguese food
4 what is the price range ?	they are in the cheap price range
5 that sounds yummy what is their address and phone number ?	nandos s address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you bye bye !	you re welcome goodbye

1 is it possible to get any greek food in the centre part of town ?	sorry i m showing no results for greek restaurants any other foods you d like to have ?
2 what about chinese food ?	charlie chan has some great reviews
3 book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 1j6y65lw
4 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant with chinese food	there are several cheap chinese restaurants would you prefer any certain area of town ?
2 south part of town	the lucky star is the only cheap chinese restaurant in the south part of town would you like any contact information ?
3 yes what is their phone number and address ?	the lucky star restaurant is on cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and can be reached by phone at 01223 244277
4 excellent thanks a lot i think that s everything i need	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food	i m sorry but i cannot find any jamaican restaurant located in the south
2 are there ant jamaican restaurants in any part of town ?	unfortunately there are not would you be interested in a different cuisine ?
3 how about portuguese food instead ?	nandos is located on the south side at cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
4 awesome thank you !	thank you goodbye

1 is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town ?	there are no restaurants matching those preferences would you like a different restaurant ?
2 how about one serving mediterranean food ?	there is a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the centre area of town it is called the gardenia
3 that sounds good what is their phone number and postcode ?	the gardenia is in the postcode c.b 2 3 ll their phone number is 01223 356354
4 thank you !	your welcome is there anything i could help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i m looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town	i found 21 restaurants available do you have a type of food you would prefer ?
2 i would like lebanese food	how does ali baba ? i recommend it would you like for me to book a table ?
3 yes i want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday	great i have booked your table for ali baba thursday at 20:00 for 3 your reference number is 5ly9wsf1 may i help with anything else ?
4 no i think that s all i need thank you !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo service and have a wonderful day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern european food	there are 4 matching restaurants what price range would you like ?
2 i would like one in the expensive price range please	darry s cookhouse and wine shop would suit your interests it s at 40270 king street
3 do they have booking available for 7 people at 16:30 on tuesday ?	there does not appear to be availability at that time would you like me to try another restaurant ?
4 is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time ?	ok i got you a table at the bedouin the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is: q7r6zvre can i help you with anything else ?
5 no thanks thank you and goodbye	okay you re welcome thank you for calling

1 i am looking for a chinese place in the centre	i have 10 restaurants matching your request did you have a price range you would like ?
2 no it doesn t matter	would you like for it to have a certain number of stars ?
3 no just book at a chinese place in the centre i need a table for 4 at 15:00 on wednesday please	i have you at jinling noodle bar then reference is ocnh3cjj anything else you need ?
4 no that is it thank you	have a great day !

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves cantonese food	sorry there are no expensive restaurants serving cantonese food would you like to look for something else ?
2 yes an expensive thai restaurant would be good	bangkok city serves thai food and is in the expensive price range
3 great can you please give me its address and phone number ?	bangkok city is at 24 green street city and phone number is 01223 354382
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you good bye	thank you have a great day and enjoy your food

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food	there are 5 expensive restaurants that serves italian which area are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	caffe uno is located in the city centre
3 may i have the address and phone number please ?	caffe uno s telephone number is 01223 448620 and the address is 32 bridge street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	have a good evening

1 i m looking for a thai restaurant on the west side	sala thong is a thai restaurant on the west side that is expensive do you want me to book it for you ?
2 yes please could you book it for 5 people on sunday ?	yes of course what time would you like me to make your reservation ?
3 i would like a table for 13:00	i was unable to book that would you like me to try a different time or different restaurant ?
4 yes please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the west side	how about cocum ? it s an expensive indian restaurant on the west side
5 ok that would be fine can you please send me the reference number ?	okay i was able to book your table your reference number is ws8r5j04 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that is all thank you cheers	thank you let us know if you need any thing else bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves japanese food i don t care about the price range	there is not a restaurant serving japanese food would you like a different type food ?
2 is there anything in the area for chinese food ?	there is charlie chan in city centre
3 what is the address and phone number of charlie chan ?	the address is regent street city centre postcode c.b 2 1 d.b and the phone number is 01223 361763
4 thank you that is all the info that i needed good bye	thank you

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	golden wok is located in the north part of town and is the moderate price range their address is 191 histon road chesterton
2 is there anything else in the moderate price range on the north part of town ?	yes the nirala is indian restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north it is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you that s all i need	have a good day !

1 i d like to find a restaurant that serves korean food	there is only one korean restaurant in town called little seoul
2 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	little seoul s address 108 regent street city centre phone number 01223 308681 and postcode c.b 2 1 dp can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you this is great	thank you goodbye

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	i have two restaurants they are pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum
2 what type of food do each of them serve ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is italian and restaurant alimentum is modern european would you like information on either of them ?
3 yes what is the address and phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton ?	the address for pizza hut cherry hinton is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737
4 what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food can i help you with anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye
6 goodbye again	goodbye

1 i need a cheap restaurant that serves creative food	we don t have any of those sad to say want to broaden the search ?
2 how about any restaurants that serves creative food	i m sorry i m not finding any creative restaurants would you like to try a different cuisine ?
3 ok well what do we have in the north area ?	there are several good options for dining in the north area do you have a preference for price range ?
4 how about a cheap indian restaurant ?	there is one cheap indian restaurant in the north royal spice would you like to make a reservation ?
5 no i can do that could you give me the phone number ? also the address with postcode ?	sure the number there is 01733553355
6 what about the postcode and the address ?	they are located at victoria avenue chesterton postcode is cb41eh anything else you need ?
7 no that s all thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your day

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food	there are no mathcing records found for that request
2 how about spanish or portuguese food ?	there are no matching records found for that request
3 i would like to try indian food in the north part of town	royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north of town and is in the cheap price range
4 i would like their phone number and address please	their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is victoria avenue chesterton c.b 4 1 e.h
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

1 i am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the centre of town	there is one vietnamese restaurant but it s in the west end of town would that work for you ?
2 i prefer to stay in the centre of town is there a turkish restaurant ?	yes there are three restaurants serving turkish food in the center of town in the moderate and expensive price range which price range would you prefer ?
3 i don t care about the price range	anatolia serves turkish food in the centre of town would you like their phone number ?
4 can you give me the address ?	the anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre is there any other information you need ?
5 what price range is anatolia ?	anatolia is in the moderate price range
6 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i want to find a restaurant that serves european food and i don t care about the price range	there are five venues serving european food what price range do you want ?
2 moderate price range please can i also have the address and phone number of the venue ?	galleria is an european restaurant in the moderate price range and the centre part of town the address is 33 bridge street and the phone number is 01223 356666
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome have a good evening

1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town	there are many restaurants in the north that match your description what type of cuisine are you interested in ?
2 the restaurant should serve asian oriental food	i have one restaurant called saigon city on 169 high street chesterton chesterton would you like me to book for you ?
3 yes i would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 19:45 on a saturday and could i also get the reference number ?	your reservation has been made and the reference number is 3p2alry0
4 thank you for your help	you are welcome

1 hi can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town ?	i certainly can we have 15 inexpensive restaurants in the center of town was there a particular type of cuisine you wanted ?
2 my boyfriend really likes scottish food would you have anything that offers that ?	i do not have any scottish places fitting that criteria may i try another food ?
3 oh wow that s too bad how about a good italian place ?	the zizzi cambridge is a cheap italian restaurant in the centre area would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes please can you also give me the address phone number and postcode ?	sure thing ! the address is 47-53 regent street the phone number is 01223365599 and the postcode is cb21ab is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 i d like a reservation at 6:30 for a party of 2	i ll be happy to do that for you what day would you like the table for ?
6 actually i ve changed my mind i m going to wait on that reservation thanks	okay is there anything else you need ?
7 that ll be all ! thank you !	thank you goodbye !

1 please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
2 yes	they are located at 20 milton road chesterton
3 what is their postcode ?	the postcode is cb41jy is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you

1 hi i m looking for good chinese food on the west side	sorry there is no chinese restaurant in the west side do you want another type of food or different part of town ?
2 thank you goodbye	you are welcome good bye

1 hi ! i d like to find a seafood restaurant in the centre of town please	excellent the loch fyne is just your thing
2 is it an expensive restaurant ? i m really looking to break the bank here	yes it is expensive do you need help with booking ?
3 perfect yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:15 on monday can i also have a reference number ?	wonderful i was able to get you in a monday and your reservation number is e10z97f4 will that be all ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed	great enjoy your stay

1 can you find a restaurant in the centre that serves chinese food ?	charlie chan is a great cheap restaurant would you like me to book now ?
2 yes please for a party of 3 at 13:45 on wednesday	i apologize the booking was unsuccessful would you like for me to find you another restaurant ?
3 are there any different restaurants in the same area and price range ?	how about rice house ? that s a chinese restaurant in the city centre with cheap prices
4 sounds good book it please and i ll need the reference number	of course ! you re booked with reference number csl3v245 may i help with anything else ?
5 no thank you very much for your help	it was my pleasure let me know if i can ever help you with anything else

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two restaurants; chinese and indian that are moderately priced do you have any preferences ?
2 i don t care	okay how about the golden wok ? they serve chinese food in the north part of town and are moderately priced
3 that will be good could you give me their address ?	golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 and also postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
5 no that s all i want thank you	you re welcome thank you for calling us today goodbye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food can i also have the address phone number and its area ?	eraina is a european restaurant in the centre area their address is st michael s church trinity street city centre and phone number 01223 355166
2 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town ?	yes there are two pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food while restaurant alimentum serves modern european food would you like any additional info on those or help finding something else ?
2 what are the address and phone number of one of them ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton with phone number 01223 323737
3 excellent thank you goodbye !	have a wonderful day ! good bye !

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves caribbean food	there are no moderately priced caribbean restaurants would you like something different ?
2 spanish food	la tasca is a moderately priced restaurant that serves spanish food
3 what is the address phone number and post code ?	their phone number is 01223 464630 their address is 14 -16 bridge street and their postcode is c.b 2 1 uf

1 yes i need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant the name of the restaurant is sitar tandoori i d like some information on the place if you can help	oh yes the sitar tandoori is great indian restaurant on our east side of town do you need me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes could you book a table for 6 on friday at 11:45 ?	i am sorry i am unable to make a reservation for 6 at that time would you like me to try and find another restaurant ?
3 that s unfortunate yes is there something else in the same area ?	i have a few more moderate or expensive which do you prefer i book ?
4 if you could find one in the same price range that would be best	i was able to book pipasha restaurant reference number is zo0089us
5 thank you that is all i need	thank you for calling have a great day

1 i d like to find an expensive place to dine in the south	do you have a food type preference ? the choices are chinese indian italian and mexican
2 is there any morrocan food ?	no sorry there are no morrocan restaurants in the south would you like to expand to another area ?
3 i would be interested in indian food	taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south would you like any other info ? or to book it ?
4 that place sounds great can i get the phone number please ?	sure ! the phone number to the taj tandoori is 01223412299 can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that is all i need thanks so much bye	you re welcome thanks for using our services goodbye

1 i m looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre	i have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria are you looking for a certain type of food ?
2 i would like north american food	gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves north american food would that be acceptable ?
3 sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at 19:15 please	unfortunately we were not able to book that restaurant would you like me to try and find another restaurant ?
4 are there any other options in the expensive price range in the centre ?	i was able to find 3 that serve british food and 1 that serves african and 1 that serves asian do you have a preference ?
5 can you book me in for the asian restaurant then ?	okay i was able to book you a table at the kymmoy your reference number is tqvkvlnh is there anything else you need ?
6 nope i think that will do it thank you	it s my pleasure have a great day ! goodbye !

1 i m wanting indian food is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town ?	how about kohinoor a cheap restaurant in the centre located at 74 mill road ?
2 thank you i d like to book a table for 6 people for wednesday at 18:15 also can you provide a reference number to confirm	you are booked at kohinoor reference number is zmzlmlr9 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes
3 reference number zmzlmlr9 got it thank you	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that was all thank you for your help	great ! have a nice day !

1 i would like an expensive place to dine centre of town	great ! there are 33 such restaurants what type of food would you like to eat ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter but i need a reservation for 8 people	what day and time are you looking to book your reservation ?
3 12:45 on wednesday for 8 people please and may i get the reservation number after you book it please ?	i made a reservation at the restaurant kymmoy the confirmation number is ur49skna
4 thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye	let me know if you need anything else good bye

1 yes i need some help looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be located in the west and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible	i have 9 restaurants that meet that criteria do you have a preference on type of cuisine ?
2 yes indian please	there are five indian restaurants in the west in the expensive range may i recommend tandoori palace ?
3 can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday ?	i was unable to book for that time would you like to try something else ?
4 yes look it up and book me for monday,please ?	the booking was unsuccessful is there another time you would prefer ?
5 please book any indian restaurant in the same area and price range as tandoori palace this is for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday	booked at cocum your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number: 4fec5k00 anything else ?
6 that is it thank you for your help good bye	let us know if you need anything else good day

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	what type of food would you like ?
2 i dont care	there are 22 results is there an area that you would prefer ?
3 yes in the west part of town please	there are two results la margherita serves italian food and thanh binh serves vietnamese food
4 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	thanh binh is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232
5 is there anything else ?	would you prefer information on la margherita ? it s the only other cheap restaurant in that area
6 yes please	la margherita s phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 magdalene street city centre
7 thank you good bye	thank you and have a great day !

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the south area would you like italian or modern european ?
2 is there anything else ? can i get the phone number please ?	the pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 323737 may i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	yes goodbye

1 a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	three restaurants meet your specifications one is italian and two serve indian food do you have a preference ?
2 is there anything else ?	the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like their information ?
3 address and phone number please	the address of the curry prince is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 566388
4 that s all i need thank you and good bye	goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food	sorry but there is no resaurants that fit your request do you want something different ?
2 yes how about indian food	i recommend taj tandoori it is located in the south part of town
3 what is the phone number ?	taj tandoori s phone number is 01223 412299 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 no that is all thank you goodbye	thank for calling cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i m looking for a restaurant something moderately priced	there are five restaurants in the moderate price range they sever british and asian oriental which are you looking for ?
2 iam looking for something asian oriental and not so expensive restaurant	i have the yippee noodle bar that meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 that would be great i need to for 2 people at 13:00 on tuesday can you provide the reference number for the reservation ?	here is the reference number: mvmt06fy
4 thank you that s all i need good bye	you re welcome have a wonderful day goodbye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town	royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north part of town it is in the cheap price range
2 i m not interested in that choise is there anything else within those categories ?	how about da vinci pizzeria ? a cheap italian place in the north ?
3 i would like the phone number and address of da vinci pizzeria	no problem its phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 milton road chesterton
4 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

1 what s a good mid price restaurant ?	is there a specific part of town or type of food you re interested in ?
2 i would like catalan food	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving catalan food in your price range would you like to try something else ?
3 how about spanish food ?	la tasca serves spanish food and is in the moderate price range
4 could i have the address phone number and postcode please ?	the phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 bridge street the postcode is c.b 2 1 uf
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye
6 bye	call us again ! goodbye

1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves austrian food	i m sorry but there are no austrian restaurants in the north part of town
2 indian please	the nirala is an indian restaurant in the moderate price range on the north side
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving international food what is the address and postcode ?	the missing sock matches your request they are located at finders corner newmarket road c.b 25 9 a.q 01223 812660 is the phone number
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

1 i d like to find panasian food for cheap please	there are no restaurants matching your requests would you like another restaurant ?
2 how about asian oriental food ? i would like a phone number and address for any asian restaurant you find	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental their phone number is 01223 363471 and their address is 40210 millers yard city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 and that s a cheap restaurant ?	yes dojo noodle bar is a restaurant in the cheap price range
4 is there anything else ?	no enjoy your meal !
5 thanks	thank you goodbye !

1 can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area ?	there are 33 possible places that fit your request for example there is an expensive african restaurant in the centre is this something you would be interested in ?
2 how about mediterranean food ?	sure either la mimosa or shiraz both serve excellent mediterranean food
3 la mimosa sounds good can your reserve me a table for 1 on saturday at 11:15 ?	i have that reserved the reference code is mlzzdyt5
4 perfect i m all set the thank you	it s my pleasure goodbye !

1 looking for a cheap restaurant	i have found some would you like italian chinese asian oriental indian or spanish food ?
2 do you have brazilian or portuguese ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south side of town with a cheap price range
3 what is the address ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve south indian food	i m sorry i have nothing listed matching your criteria what about just indian food ?
2 darn will you look for a turkish restaurant in that area instead ?	you have your choice of meze bar anatolia or efes restaurant
3 can i get the address of anatolia ?	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre
4 thank you very much for your help !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that s all i needed thanks so much	thank you for calling goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	there are 33 to choose from any type of cuisine you d prefer ?
2 i don t care what cuisine i would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on thursday i will need a reference number also	sure i booked you into the cambridge chop house on thursday at 12:30 your reference number is 8ni5a15m
3 okay wonderful thank you for your help	was there anything else i could assist you with today ?
4 no you were extremely helpful thank you goodbye	thank you for booking with us today enjoy your reservation !

1 north part of town restaurant please	what type of food would you like ?
2 chinese	do you have a certain price range you would like ?
3 i don t care	there are several chinese restaurants would you like their phone number ?
4 yes and i need one of their names please	hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town
5 sound perfect ! what is their phone number ?	hakka s phone number is 01223 568988 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 yes i m looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side do you know of anything ?	yes i have one listing for an international place called the missing sock it is very popular would you like their telephone number ?
2 yes please give me the telephone number	their number is 01223812660
3 thanks ! now could you make a reservation for me ? i need a table for 1 on saturday at 12:15 please	unfortunately they are fully booked during that time slot would you like me to try for a different time or day ?
4 how about 11:15 ?	you ve been booked for 11:15 do you need anything else ?
5 may i have the reference number please ?	your reference number is fk3areid
6 thank you so much that is all i needed !	great ! have a great day !

1 i am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and i would like to find a place that serves north american food	i have one gourmet burger kitchen
2 i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday	unfortunately they are all full at that time would you like me to try another restaurant ?
3 yes please look for a different place in the same area and price range	i m sorry but gourmet burger kitchen was the only north american restaurant in the centre area would you like for me to try another area ?
4 not right now thank you for your time	okay please let me know if you need anything else

1 i am looking for information on the varsity restaurant	the varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine would you like any other information ?
2 could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on tuesday evening ?	ok ! your table for 2 at the varsity restaurant has been booked for tuesday at 20:00 you reference number is: 1eb89a0f
3 thank you so much that is all	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town	unfortunately there aren t any restaurants that fit your criteria is there anything else that i can do for you ?
2 can you see if there are any that serve indian food ?	there are six restaurants one in the moderate price range and the rest in the expensive price range which one would you prefer ?
3 any would be fine but i need to book a table for 8 people for sunday at 12:15	booking was unsuccessful at rice boat would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 sure as long as it s in the same area and price range i need the reference number too please	okay i booked you at the tandoori palace and your reference number is nbld7e0v
5 thank you that s all i needed today !	okay glad i could be of help !

1 i want something in the north part of town with swedish food	there are no restaurants matching your requests would you care for a different restaurant ?
2 are there any italian restaurants in the north part of town ?	yes there is one its name is da vinci pizzeria
3 great can you please give me its address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707 can i help you with anything else today ?
4 thank you good bye	thank you and enjoy your meal !
5 thanks !	goodbye

1 what do we have to eat in the expensive european food range ?	there are 5 options in cambridge for expensive european food 1 in the north 1 in the west and 3 in cambridge centre
2 nothing in the south ?	i was not able to find any expensive european restaurants in the south
3 what about mexican restaurants ?	the chiquito restaurant bar a mexican restaurant is in the south and is expensive would you like to book a table ?
4 yes i d like a table for 1 person at 19:15 on sunday	your table is reserved and the reference number is tn3210rt will there be anything else ?
5 that s all thanks for your assistance	you are very welcome ! have a great time ! goodbye !

1 i am looking for japanese food in the south part of town	i am sorry there is no japanese restaurant in the south area ? would you like to try another area or food type ?
2 try mexican then	unfortunately i was not able to locate a mexican restaurant in the south part of time would you like me to search for a different cuisine ?
3 i ll take any type of cuisine then i just need a reservation for 6 at 13:15 on saturday	there are japanese italian modern european portuguese indian and mexican which of these do you prefer ?
4 mexican please	the mexican place is not open then shall i try another place to dine ?
5 yes please are you sure there are no japanese or mexican places in the same price range open on the south side that day ?	no i am sorry but there is a portuguese restaurant if you are interested
6 okay i guess try booking there please	great ! i was able to book you there and your reference number is w2a8ghg8
7 thank you for your help have a great day	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

1 hey i m up south can you give me a place to eat ?	what kind of food would you like ?
2 don t care	i recommend chiquito restaurant bar
3 can i have the address and telephone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 400170
4 that will be fine	you re welcome goodbye

1 i want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town what is the phone number ?	would you prefer indian food or italian food ?
2 i don t care give me their phone number	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town that serves indian food would you like the phone number ?
3 yes give me the phone number	the phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388
4 awesome thank you ! goodbye !	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food	i have found two expensive mediterranean restaurants la mimosa and shiraz restaurant both are in the centre area would you like more information on either one of these restaurants ?
2 is there anything else ?	no sir that s all i have
3 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

1 can you find me something cheap in the south part of town ?	what is the food type you would prefer ?
2 i do not care about the type of food	nandos is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving portuguese food
3 is there anything else ?	the lucky star is a cheap price range south area chinese restaurant
4 what is the address ?	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thanks good bye	have a nice day ! goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food and located in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food it s an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
2 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton its phone number is 01223 400170 and the postcode is cb17dy is there anything else i can help with ?
3 nope that s all i need thank you very much !	you re welcome

1 is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town golden wok a chinese restaurant and the nirala an indian restaurant would you like more information on either of these ?
2 yes i would like the phone number of the nirala	the phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes i would like the address of the nirala please ?	the address you want is 7 milton road chesterton how else may i help you ?
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode of the nirala is c.b 2 1 uj
5 i think that s all i need thank you for your help	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food i want it to be expensive	we have 3 options in cambridge for expensive gastropub food would you prefer a place in the centre or in the east ?
2 i d like to dine in the center of town please	i have two in the centre the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce would you like for me to make you a reservation ?
3 could you give me the address and phone number for the slug and lettuce please	the slug and lettuce is located at 34 - 35 green street postcode cb23ju i m sorry our system does not list their phone number is there anything else ?
4 i wish you could provide their phone number but other than that you ve given me everything i need to know thank you goodbye	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town what is the address ?	meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range their address is 205 victoria road chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a good day !

1 may i have information for an italian restaurant in the east part of town ?	yes sure there is only on italian restaurant called pizza hut fen ditton in the east what else do you want to know ?
2 what is their address please ?	the address for pizza hut fen ditton is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you

1 i am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the centre of the city	regretfully there are no caribbean restaurants in the centre would you like to try something else ?
2 are there any caribbean restaurants in any other part of town ?	i am sorry there are none in any area of town,is there another type of food you would be interested in ?
3 sure a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range would be great	i have 2 turkish restaurants in the centre the anatolia or efes restaurant are both moderate would you like me to book one for you ?
4 yes book me the anatolia for 8 people at 12:00 on friday	i m sorry there are no available seats at that time would you like to try efes restaurant ?
5 yes please try booking that	yes i was able to get you into that restaurant and your reference number is 46al3f0c
6 great ! thank you so much for your help that will be all	okay great enjoy your lunch

1 i would like a restaurant in the west part of town	there are 14 restaurants that are in the west area of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 english food please	no restaurants serving english food are located in the west part of town would you like me to check for a different location or cuisine ?
3 how about british food ?	graffiti is a british restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
4 yes please and can you also give me their phone number ?	certainly the phone number for graffiti is 01223 277977 and address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road
5 i need the address too	the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road
6 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
2 what is the postcode ?	the postcode of grafton hotel restaurant is c.b 2 1 uj
3 what is the address phone number and type of food ?	the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food it is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and it s phone number is 01223 241387
4 great thank you !	do you need any further information ?
5 no thank you goodbye !	thank you have a nice day
6 you too !	bye

1 i need the address phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food	how about the varsity restaurant they are located at 35 saint andrews street city centre postcode c.b 2 3 a.r phone number is 01223 356060
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i would like to find a restaurant named tandoori palace do you know of that restaurant ?	i do it s a very nice indian restaurant on the west side
2 can you give me the postcode for it please ?	the postcode is cb43le may i help you with anything else ?
3 that will be all thanks goodbye !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 hi ! i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the north any type !	there is royal spice which serves indian food and da vinci pizzeria which serves italian food would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants ?
2 royal spice sounds good can you reserve a table for 8 at 15:45 on saturday ?	unfortunately i was not able to book for that specific time and day can i try a different day or time for you ?
3 how about at 14:45 ?	i ve booked it for that day on saturday reference number 9pvipw1y anything else ?
4 no you have been very helpful thanks goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i m looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good bistro in the centre of town can you find me some options ?	i m sorry there is no matching restaurant would you like to try a different food type or area ?
2 hmm let me think let s try maybe something italian instead	there are nine italian restaurants in the centre of town ! are you looking for an italian restaurant in any particular price range ?
3 which of those nine has the best ratings ? can i please have the address and postcode	i recommend caffe uno - it s very nice they re at 32 bridge street city centre cb21uj can i help with anything else ?
4 no that s all thanks	thank you ! goodbye

1 i would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town	sorry there are no malasian resturants in the area you are looking for can i help you with something elese
2 how about korean food in the centre of town ?	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the centre of town would you like their phone number ?
3 yes and their address	the address for little seoul is 108 regent street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy !

1 hello i am looking for a venetian restaurant in the centre of town	there are no restaurants serving venetian food in the centre part of town would you like me to check another part of town ?
2 how about thai food ?	what is the price range you are looking for ?
3 i don t care	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town would you like an additional information regarding this restaurant ?
4 can i get the address and phone number please ?	bangkok city s address is 24 green street city centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
5 thank you goodbye	no thank you ! enjoy !

1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food	i m sorry there are no restaurants in the city that serve malaysian food can i help you find another restaurant ?
2 is there a cheap european restraunt ?	yes i found the river bar steakhouse and grill it is a cheap restaurant serving modern european food and in the centre of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 of course	the river bar steakhouse and grill is located at quayside off bridge street and its phone number is 01223307030 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no and thank you for your help goodbye	our pleasure please call again goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please	i have found 6 restaurants for you would you like a specific area of town ?
2 no it doesn t matter can you reserve one of them for sunday at 13:00 ? i will be dining alone	alright i got you a table at the graffiti the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is: favaelu5 do you need the address or phone number ?
3 no that is all i need thank you	great have a great day !

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town	there are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town one is italian and one is vietnamese which one are you interested in ?
2 can you give me the telephone number of the vietnamese restaurant ?	the vietnamese restaurant s name is thanh binh the phone number is 01223 362456 can i help you with anything else ?
3 can you give me the address for thanh binh as well please ?	thanh binh is at 17 magdalene street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling us today goodbye

1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving european food	de luca cucina and bar is in the centre part of town and in the moderate price range
2 is there anything else ? give me the address and postcode please	there is also the cambridge lodge restaurant also has expensive european food in the centre area at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre postal code cb30dq
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 355166
4 ok thank you good bye	thank you good bye
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food	i found 4 that you might be interested in what type of price are you looking for ?
2 i don t have a preference on price but how about expensive ?	there is one restaurant that is considered expensive and it is darrys cookhouse and wine shop would you like to book a table there ?
3 no that won t be necessary i just need the phone number and postcode please	the phone number for darrys cookhouse and wine shop is 01223505015 and their postcode is cb11ln is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thanks that did it i appreciate the help goodbye !	happy to help goodbye

1 i d like to find a restaurant that serves swiss food	im sorry there are no restaurants offering swiss food in your area
2 is there any restaurants that serve vietnamese food ?	thanh binh serves vietnamese food is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what s the address ?	thanh binh s address is 17 magdalene street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east
2 what is the address and phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is finders corner newmarket road
3 ok thanks that s all i need	you re welcome goodbye

1 can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre ?	there are 33 restaurants that meet that criteria are you looking for a certain type of food ?
2 i want chinese food and the restaurant needs to be located in the centre area	there are four expensive chinese restaurants located in the centre i recommend hk fusion would you like me to make you a reservation ?
3 excellent lets try hk fusion for 5 people at 19:15 on friday	i am sorry this booking was unsuccessful maybe another time perhaps ?
4 please try booking anytime between 20:15 to 9:15 on friday	none of the times are available do you have another restaurant preference ?
5 any other place in the centre same expensive price range	i was able to book bedouin reference number is 4atmiysc
6 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	okay great i am glad i could be of help

1 i am looking for a place serving expensive indian food	there are 14 places that serve expensive indian food we could narrow it down more if you specified an area do you have one in mind ?
2 let s try the west part of town	there are 5 in the west you might want to try cocum on 71 castle street city centre
3 okay can you book for 7 people on sunday at 14:00 ?	i am sorry there is no booking at this time there are 2 other places would you like me to check booking for any of them ?
4 yes if one is in the same area and price range as cocum	i was able to get you in at maharajah tandoori restaurant your reference number is o9k319cu can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that is all i need thank you	you are welcome have a nice day

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town one specializes in indian cuisine and the other is a chinese restaurant
2 i want the indian one what s the address and phone number ?	the indian restaurant is located at 7 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966
3 thank you very much	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

1 i need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east	i have three restaurants with that information,can i ask what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down ?
2 i would like an italian restaurant	pizza hut fen ditton is the only moderate italian restaurant in the east would you like a reservation ?
3 yes please i would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on saturday	booking was unsuccessful want to find another restaurant ?
4 are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range ?	yes i have several indian restaurants if you are interested
5 sure please book me at one of those	i d be happy to what day and time would you like the reservation and for how many people ?
6 4 people at 13:45 on saturday please	i ve booked you a table for 4 at 13:45 at curry prince your reference number is ge1nwvtx is there anything else i can help with today ?
7 no that s all i needed have a nice day	happy to be of service and i hope you enjoy your meal !

1 yes i m looking for an expensive restaurant serving european food	how about eraina ?
2 does eraina serve european food ? if so what is the phone number and what area is it located in ?	eraina serves modern european food in the centre of town the phone number is 01223 368786
3 okay thank you for the information	thank you enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the south and should serve french food	there are none would you like to try a different cuisine or area ?
2 how about a restaurant that serves modern european food ?	restaurant alimentum has gotten good reviews !
3 great i would like a reservation for 7 people on friday at 19:00 please give me the reservation number	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : nchj21bd
4 thank you for your help	may i help you with anything else ? do you need a taxi ?
5 no i m good to go but thank you	great thank you for allowing me to help you today

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food	there is no expensive restaurant that serves russian food can i help you with anything else
2 yes do you have british type food ?	yes there are 6 options does the part of town matter ?
3 i don t care	i could recommend graffiti in the west.would you like more information ?
4 may i have the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 277977 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food what is the address and phone number ?	la mimosa at thompsons lane fen ditton is expensive and serves mediterranean food
2 what is their address and phone number ?	their address is thompsons lane fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 362525

1 i want somewhere that serves traditional food	there are no traditional restaurants in the city can i help you with a different type of cuisine ?
2 how abou asian oriental food	there are 5 restaurants meeting your criteria what area and price range did you have in mind ?
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food they are located at 40210 millers yard city centre and their phone number is 01223 363471
4 thank you good bye	good bye

1 hello i am looking for a scottish restaurant on the west side of town	i can help you with that it looks like there aren t any restaurants like that in my database can i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 is there a restaurant that serves indian food in the west part of town ?	i found several indian restaurants in the west part of town were you looking for an expensive or moderately priced restaurant ?
3 expensive	i found several in the expensive price range in the west part of town can i help you with anything else ?
4 can you please give me that phone number ?	cocum is the first expensive indian restaurant in the west part of town on the database the phone number for cocum is 01223 366668
5 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve indian food
6 can you please give me the address ?	cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no thank you that is all i need goodbye !	thank you good day !

1 i d like to dine for expensive british cuisine	of course let me help you with that in which area of town would you like to eat ?
2 any area is fine can i have the postcode for your favorite one ?	sure ! i recommend travellers rest their postcode is cb30df is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that s all for right now thanks for your help !	you re welcome have a nice day !

1 i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves seafood	loch fyne is a restaurant in the city centre that serves seafood would you like more information ?
2 what is the phone number and price range ?	the phone is 01223 362433 and it is in the expensive range
3 that sounds great thanks !	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food is located in the centre and is expensive it s address is 51 trumpington street city centre
2 is there any chinese restaurants around ?	yes there are a few can i recommend tang chinese would you like me to book that for you ?
3 do they have availability on sunday at 13:00 ?	yes they do how many people are in your party ?
4 we will have 7 people in the party	i have you booked at tang chinese the reference number is p04ka65h is there anything else that i can do for you today ?
5 that will be all thank you	happy to be of help and i hope you enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

1 i m looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town	i have found the grafton hotel restaurant at 619 newmarket road would like a reservation ?
2 is the restaurant in the expensive price range ?	yes it is in the expensive price range.do you want the address ?

1 good morning i need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range	i couldn t find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for would you like something else ?
2 how about one with british food ?	there are 5 restaurants serving british food do you have a preferred area ?
3 i do not have a preferred area which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on tuesday ?	is there a price range you would prefer to stay within ?
4 no i do not need to stay within a price	i have restaurant one seven in the moderate price range would you like me to book a reservation ?
5 yes please	the booking was unsuccessful do you have any other preference ?
6 i just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range	sure i booked you a table in the oak bistro which is in the center part of the town your reservation number is cmj6wm0z
7 great thanks for that see you !	sure i m here to help you bye !

1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves vietnamese food	i found thanh binh in the west part of town
2 what is the address and phone number ?	thanh binh can be reached at 01223 362456 and it is located at 17 magdalene street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and goodbye !

1 i m looking for malaysian food	sorry i cannot find any malaysian restaurants can i offer you something else ?
2 how about asian oriental type of food ?	there are five search results are you interested in a particular area or price range ?
3 no particular area but i m looking for an expensive restaurant	there is saigon city at 169 high street chesterton chesterton phone 01223 356555
4 is there anything else ?	there is also kymmoy in the centre of town at 52 mill road city centre their phone number is 01223 311911
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and enjoy your meal !

1 are there any eritrean restaurants in town ?	no there are no eritrean restaurants in town would you like a different restaurant ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there is a wide variety of chinese restaurants do you have an area preference or a price preference to narrow it down ?
3 i would like the east part of town	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east area
4 could i get the address phone number and postcode of yu garden ?	phone is 01223 248882 address and postcode are 529 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a
5 thank you that is all the information i needed bye bye !	bye !

1 i would like a mediterranean restaurant and i don t care what part of town it is in	are you looking for something more or less expensive ?
2 the price range does not matter	la mimosa is a nice mediterranean restaurant in the centre
3 that sounds good may i have their phone number ?	la mimosa s phone number is 01223 362525 may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	you are very welcome have a nice day goodbye

1 i d like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town can you help me find one ?	i would be happy to help you there are several restaurants located in the west part of town would you prefer a expensive moderate or cheap restaurant ?
2 moderately priced	there is a very tasty indian restaurant in the moderate range it is called meghna would you like their information ?
3 yes please give me the phone number and address of it	meghna is located on the west side of town at 205 victoria road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410 is there any other information you needed ?
4 no thank you goodbye	your welcome goodbye
5 bye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 i need to find an expensive restauant that s in the south section of the city	there are several restaurants in the south part of town that serve expensive food do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 no i don t care about the type of cuisine	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town
3 what is their address ?	there address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton it there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve mexican food
5 nope that s what i was looking for thanks a lot !	thank you very much for using the cambridge restaurant system

1 i would like inexpensive turkish food	i m sorry i do not show anything available would you like to try something else ?
2 ok how about an italian restaurant ?	there are 5 listings matching your criteria do you have a preference on the area ?
3 i do not have a preference of area as long as it s cheap please make a suggestion	ask is an italian restaurant in the cheap priced category and is the centre of town
4 can i get the address and phone number ?	ask is at 12 bridge street city centre and can be reached at 01223 364917 can i help you anything else today ?
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome enjoy your food

1 i need help finding a place to eat called curry garden	curry garden is an expensive restaurant that serves indian food do you want me to book it for you ?
2 yes can i make a reservation for 1 people at 16:15 on wednesday ?	i m sorry there are no available tables at that time would you like me to look for a different restaurant ?
3 how about a different place to eat in the same area and price range ? can you book it and i need the reference number	i have booked the kymmoy restaurant for 1 at 16:15 pm on wednesday it is an expensive asian restaurant in the centre your reservation number is n08tp996
4 wonderful thank you that is all i need for today bye	your welcome have a great day

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please	there is an italian or vietnamese restaurant which do you prefer ?
2 it doesn t matter i need to be able to seat 8 people on tuesday at 17:00	i was able to book you at thanh binh your reference number is h0k8xfpq
3 ok great thank you have a great day !	thanks ! i hope you have a great day !

1 can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre ?	there are many high class restaurants in town centre is there a particular cuisine you d prefer ?
2 i was thinking maybe trying something european	eraina is an expensive european restaurant in the city centre would you like me to book that for you ?
3 that sounds great ! can i book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on wednesday ?	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes the reference number is 0ud63qc0 can i assist you with anything else today
4 no that s it thanks	thank you for contacting us have a great day

1 i m looking for an inexpensive african restaurant	sorry no matches matched your search do you want a different price range ?
2 no thank you is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve asian oriental food ?	yes dojo noodle bar and j restaurant in the city centre both have what you re looking for would you like to book a table at one of them ?
3 that sounds great would you book either of those for me for wednesday at 20:00 for 6 people ?	i was able to book at j restaurant for you your reference number is 3kvit5ar they will only hold the table for 15 minutes is there anything else ?
4 nope that sounds great thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

1 i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town	there are nine restaurants in the south part of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town it s address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and it s phone number is 01223 400170
3 can you tell me what kind of food they serve ?	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food
4 i want one in the moderate priced range what is the price range of chiquito restaurant ?	i m afraid chiquito restaurant bar is expensive pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the south
5 what is the address for pizza hut cherry hinton ?	their address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
6 sorry what is the area again ?	it is located in the south part of town
7 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

1 are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant ?	there are 2 expensive french restaurants restaurant two two and cote which would you like to book ?
2 i like the sound of restaurant two two could you give me their postcode address and phone number ?	restaurant two two is located at 22 chesterton road chesterton their postcode is cb43ax you can reach them at 01223351880 any other information i can provide ?
3 no that s everything i needed today thank you	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the west part of town could i also get the phone number and address of the restaurant ?	there is la margherita and prezzo which one were you looking for ?
2 i dont care	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west of town and is in the moderate price range the address is 21 - 24 northampton road and the phone number is 01799 521260
3 thank you	you re welcome let us know if we can help you with anything else

1 i would like a restaurant that serves world food it should be a really good restaurant and it s ok if it s expensive	there are no matching restaurants
2 how about italian ? i would like to go to nice place with great atmosphere and expensive i would like the address phone number and area	caffe uno is located at 32 bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223 448620
3 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

1 hello i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in any area could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode ? i m very hungry and need food !	ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town their phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is c.b 2 1 n.t
2 thank you goodbye !	you re welcome !
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please	we have no matching results
2 how about gastropub ?	what part of town would you like ?
3 i do not care	does the price range matter to you ?
4 nah whatever you can find is cool	there are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro royal standard the cow pizza kitchen and bar and the slug and lettuce
5 what is the address of backstreet bistro ? phone number and post code ?	the backstreet bistro s address is 2 sturton street city centre postcode is c.b 1 2 q.a and the phone number is 01223 306306 anything else i can help you with ?
6 that is all thank you goodbye	enjoy the restaurant and have a nice day good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant that offers british food in a moderate price range can you help me with that ?	yes i have many in the center of town and on in the west do you have a preference for area ?
2 let s try the west	i have one in the west called saint johns chop house would you like a reservation here ?
3 for now can i just get the phone number and postcode ?	their number is 01223353110 postcode is cb30ad
4 thanks that s everything i need	thank you for choosing cambridge towninfo centre

1 can you please help me find a cheap italian restaurant ?	i show five that fit your criteria may i ask the location you are in ? this would help refine our search
2 it doesn t matter what area can you book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on wednesday	would you like more details on any of the available restaurants before booking a table ?
3 if there is one that you know of that you recommend that would be fine i don t know any so some guidance would be great	how about la margherita ?
4 okay as long as it s in the same price range	la margherita was unavailable i was able to book you at zizzi cambridge which is in the same price range your reference number is qrj5mp30 is this acceptable ?
5 great yes it is and thank you	will you be needing anything else today ?
6 no that s all thanks again for your help	thank you for using our service

1 i would like a moderately priced steakhouse restaurant	there are no moderately priced steakhouse restaurants would you like to change your query ?
2 how about moderately priced british food ?	there are four options in centre and one option in west do you have a preference on the area ?
3 can you give me the phone numbers please	do you want the phone numbers to restaurant one seven ?
4 okay so may i have the number please ?	restaurant one seven s phone number is 01223 337766
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

1 can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range ?	of course ! there are 21 such restaurants available do you have a preference for the type of food ?
2 yes australian please	i actually do not have knowledge of any moderate australian restaurants in the centre there are some british restaurants i could inform you about
3 actually could you look up some turkish restaurants instead ?	there are 2 turkish restaurants the anatolia and efes restaurant would you like me to make a reservation at one of them for you ?
4 yes,i need to book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on sunday please	i have made a reservation at efes restaurant for 6 people on sunday at 17:00 the reference number is 8nr6paim is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that is all thank you good by	thank you let me know if you need anything else bye

1 could you help me find a restaurant that s moderately priced and services sri lankan cuisine ?	i m sorry i don t see any moderately priced sri lankan restaurants would you like to try another sort of cuisine ?
2 yes are there are restaurants with lebanese cuisine ?	no i m sorry there are no sri lankan restaurants in the moderate or the expensive price range can i help you find something else ?
3 do you have a moderately priced restaurant serving lebanese food ?	yes ali baba serves lebanese may i book a table for you ?
4 yes see if there is booking for 6 people at 11:15 on thursday	i m sorry i was unable to book the restaurant would you like to try a different restaurant ?
5 yes is there another restaurant serving lebanese food that you can recommend ?	no i am sorry the ali baba is the only one another place maybe ?
6 yes please try a different restaurant in the same area and price range	i was able to book you at the oak bistro your reference number is 11wh7x3k is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 nope that should do it ! thanks !	okay great ! enjoy your lunch

1 yes may i have the address for restaurants in the south part of town preferably something moderately priced	there are two options pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food and is located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton restaurant alimentum serves modern european food and is located at 152 - 154 hills road anything else i can help you with today ?
2 that it thank you goodbye	you re welcome enjoy your food

1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the west part of town	okay i have found 2 restaurants one is in the moderate price range and one is in the cheap price range
2 i want the cheap one please	la margherita fits the bill great place can i make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please i d like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on saturday	that booking was successful your reference number is 3lwl9xaa
4 thank you for all your help have a great day	happy to be of help and i hope you enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food in any price range	where would like it to be located ?
2 it does not matter	do you have a certain price range ?
3 no i don t care	i m sorry but there are no restaurants serving catalan food
4 is there a restaurant that serves international food ? can you give me the address ?	there are three how about the varsity restaurant their address is 35 saint andrews street city centre
5 i will try that one thank you and good bye	thank you for calling this system goodbye

1 i need a south restaurant with british food	i m sorry but i cannot find any british food located in the south part of town
2 is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town ?	i ve found three chinese restaurants in the south part of town does price range matter to you ?
3 no any price range is fine i would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants	peking restaurant is an expensive chinese restaurant that is located at 10 homerton street city centre is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you	thank you

1 i m looking for a restaurant my friend recommended i think she called it the curry prince	yes i found what you re looking for would you like the address ?
2 sure and can you book it for friday at 12:00 for 3 people ?	the address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton unfortunately the restaurant is fully booked do you have another restaurant or type of food in mind ?
3 something in the same area and price range would work	i have rajmahal which is in the same area and price range would you like me to book a table there ?
4 sure thing i ll need a reference number too	your booking was successful the reference number is fyfxwh1z is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 great thank you so much	you are very welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that will be all for today thank you so much for your help	you are welcome have a lovely day

1 i don t care about the price range just recommend me a restaurant that serves european food i would also like to get the phone number and directions	what area of town would you like ?
2 i don t care about the area anywhere	the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and their phone number is 01223 355166
3 thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food

1 are there any moderately priced places to eat with british styled food ?	yes i have 5 places what about cotto ?
2 cotto is fine i want to book a table for 1 person at 12:00 on sunday	cotto is completely booked for saturday at noon could i direct you to a different restaurant ?
3 yes please book me a different restaurant in the same area and price range	restaurant one seven is also british cuisine moderate priced in the center of town and they are able to accommodate your reservation
4 thank you that sounds like a great place	i have booked your reservation for restaurant one seven on saturday at 12:00 your reference number is dyszrx2b do you need any other assistance ?
5 no that will be all thank you very much	have a great day !

1 hi this might be a long shot but can you help me find a restaurant that serves swedish food ? i don t care about price	there are no restaurants serving swedish food
2 how about asian oriental type of food ?	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food in the centre of town would you like their number ?
3 no thank you i just need the address and postcode please	dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 millers yard city centre and their postcode is c.b 2 1 rq is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 i want to eat chinese food in the centre	how about charlie chan ? it is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre
2 sure i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on saturday	i m booking you a table for 5 at 11:00 saturday at charlie chan what name should i place this under ?
3 book it for xxxx can i please get a reference number ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 are there any other cheap restaurants in the area ?	not in that criteria perhaps another area or price range ?
5 are there any in the same area and price range but not chinese ?	i don t know what i was thinking earlier we actually have a lot of cheap restaurants in the centre j restaurant serves asian oriental should we try that ?
6 yes please try j restaurant asian oriental food sounds good	i was able to book you into the j restaurant and your reference number is 87g7fwzm
7 thank you for your help ! that will be all good bye	you re welcome have a great day !

1 i d like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	there are 3 restaurants in the moderate price range and on the east part of town would you like indian or italian food ?
2 i don t have a preference either one is fine	rajmahal is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east part of town would you like more information ?
3 yes please can i have the address phone number and postcode ?	here is the information you asked for phone is 01223 244955 and address is at 7 barnwell road fen ditton c.b 5 8 rg is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you	your welcome good bye

1 hello i need some french food any price range is fine	cote is an expensive french restaurant in the city centre
2 what is the address and phone number ?	cote is located on bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223 311053 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves light bites ?	i m sorry we have no light bites restaurants in the city centre would you like to try another cuisine ?
2 then how about one that serves european food ?	yes there are 8 restaurants that meet that criteria i can recommend the eraina
3 do they have booking available for 3 people at 11:15 on friday ?	i am sorry i am not able to book that for you i was able to get a table for you at michaelhouse cafe your reference number is vuh4cst4
4 thank you for your help	have a great day

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
2 is there anything else ?	the nirala is moderately priced restaurant in the north of town as well
3 what kind of food does the nirala serve ?	the nirala serves indian
4 what is their phone number ?	the phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966 can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no thank you i have all the information that i need now	thank you for using our system good bye
6 good bye	goodbye

1 i d like to find a restaurant serving christmas food	i m sorry there is no restaurant listed serving christmas food would you like to try something else ?
2 how about indian food ?	cocum serves indian food in the expensive price range and in the west part of town
3 what s the address for cocum ?	cocum s address is 71 castle street city centre is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you goodbye	you re quite welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a danish restaurant in the centre of town	i m sorry i don t have anything matching that description would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find ?
2 no i think i d rather find something european in the center of town that is cheap can you help me with that ?	i m sorry but i don t have anything matching that description would you like to expand your food type to find more ?
3 sure how about about one that serves indian food ?	there is a restaurant called kohinoor that serves cheap indian food in the centre area would you like to book a reservation ?
4 no thank you but can i please have the address postcode and phone number ?	yes certainly their address is 74 mill road city centre and their postcode is cb12as their telephone number is 01223323639 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no i don t need further help thank you	you are welcome please contact us again soon have a good day

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is an italian restaurant in the south of town in the moderate price range
2 what type of food are they what is their address ?	they serve italian food the address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome enjoy !

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town	la margherita is in the west part of town and it is in the cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 i would like to know the phone number please	it is at 01223 315232
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 hi there can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town ? someplace with british food ?	i ve heard great things about cotto want a reservation ?
2 what price range is that restaurant ?	cotto is in the moderate price range would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 no that won t be necessary could you just give me the address and postcode please ?	sure the address is 183 east road city centre and the postcode is cb11bg
4 great that s all for now thanks !	you are very welcome have a great day !

1 are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend ?	there are many expensive restaurants in the city centre do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 i would like to eat indian food	there are 5 indian restaurants available in the centre what day are you looking to dine ?
3 i need a reservation for thursday there will be 1 person at 11:15 any of the 5 restaurants would be fine	i was able to get you a table at the golden curry your reference number is 7dd4dk3n and they ll hold your table for 15 minutes can i help with anything else ?
4 thank you and goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range	fitzbillies restaurant at 51 trumpington street city centre fits your request would you like me to book a table for you ?
2 i would it s a party of 6 for monday at 15:45 can i get the reference number when you re done ?	your reservation has been made the reference number is gk4f8afs is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that s everything thanks for your help	welcome next time
4 thank you for your help	you are more than welcome !

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town one chinese and one indian please specify the desired cuisine type
2 can i have the phone number of the chinese place please ?	golden wok is located in the north side of town serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 350688
3 ok thank you	goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant by the name of royal standard do you know where it is ?	yes royal standard is in the city centre at 290 mill road
2 great could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on saturday ?	i was able to make a reservation for 1 at the royal standard your reference number is: fzp2xk9q do you need anything else today ?
3 no that is all i needed thank you so much bye	you re welcome thanks for allowing me to help goodbye !

1 i want to eat gastropub food	do you prefer an expensive or a moderate priced restaurant ?
2 i d prefer moderately priced please	i have one available it s called the cow pizza kitchen and bar it s located in the center of town can i offer to book you a table ?
3 no thank you can i have the postcode ?	their postcode is cb23qf
4 thanks that s all i need to today goodbye !	have a nice day bye

1 hi i m looking for a persian restaurnt in the north part of the city	unfortunately there are no persian restaurants in the city would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food is in the north part of town and in the expensive price range
3 could you tell me the address and phone number please ?	of course their phone number is 01223 356555 and they are located at 169 high street chesterton chesterton is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i want to find a restaurant in the south part of town and serves scandinavian food	there are no scandinavian restaurants in the south part of town
2 how about italian food ?	yes we have two italian restaurants in the south area would you prefer the moderately priced or the expensive one ?
3 i do not have a preference please make a suggestion	pizza hut cherry hinton is an italian restaurant it is on the south part of town and it is in the moderate price range would you like the address and phone number ?
4 and postcode ?	post code is c.b 1 7 d.y phone number is 01223 323737 and address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
5 great thank you	thank you have a nice day !

1 hello could you please find me a place to dine ?	did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at ?
2 the restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive kosher food	i do not have any restaurants meeting that description would you like to try a different type of food ?
3 do you have one that serves british food ?	there are 2 restaurants that serve british food the graffiti and travellers rest would you like me to book one for you ?
4 sure either as long as it is expensive and in the west can you book a table for 1 on tuesday at 17:45 ?	ok i have you booked at graffiti on tuesday at 17:45
5 can i get a reference number please ?	sorry apparently that booking didn t clear i got you a table at travellers rest instead reference number is: brtyjsc8 can i help with anything else ?
6 no thanks for all your help	enjoy your meal and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves cantonese food	there are no restaurants that serve cantonese food in the moderate price range
2 how about chinese type of food ?	the golden wok serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
3 their phone number please	their phone number is 01223 350688
4 what is the area ?	it is located in the north part of town
5 thank you for your help good bye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called restaurant two two	restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side would you like to make a reservation ?
2 can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday ?	yes your ref # is e7d8f4sm can i help you with anything more ?
3 no thank you ! that is all !	have a great day !

1 i m trying to find a restaurant called the slug and lettuce do you know where that is ?	yes it is in the centre area
2 i d like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on saturday	certainly i have booked you for saturday at 16:45 for 3 people the slug and lettuce will there be anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 could i get a reference number please ?	i am sorry i went to get the reference number and now the system is not providing a reference number i can look for another restaurant

1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town	there is a place called nandos that specializes in portuguese food on the south side of town
2 what is the address and postcode ?	the phone number is 01223 327908 and the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

1 i m looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town is in the expensive price range would you like additional information ?
2 what is the phone number and price range	chiquito restaurant bar is expensive their phone number is 01223 400170 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 i would like the address please	the address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton
4 ok thank you that s all for today then	thank you and good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves welsh food	there are no welsh restaurants in the north of town would you like something else ?
2 italian	da vinci pizzeria would be your only option in the north would you like their address and phone number ?
3 that would be great thanks !	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707 may i help you with anything else ?
4 that s it goodbye	thank you goodbye
5 thanks !	you re welcome

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town	how about curry prince they are in the moderate price range in the east part of town
2 can i get the address phone number and postcode ?	their phone number is 01223 566388 their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton postcode c.b 5 8 jj
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for calling goodbye

1 i d like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves italian food	okay would you like to go to the centre or south part of town ?
2 i would like the south part of town please	frankie and bennys meets you criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please there are 4 of us for this friday at 16:00	booking was unsuccessful perhaps another day or time ?
4 how about 15:00 instead ?	okay that worked and i ve successfully booked your table i can give you the reference number if you d like
5 yes i will need the reference number	your reference number is : vru8vsg0 do you need any further assistance ?
6 no that was everything i needed thank you for your help !	you re very welcome have a good meal !

1 i m looking for a restaurant somewhere not too expensive but not bottom of the barrel either something in the mid range	there are 31 what kind of cuisine would you like ?
2 i would like them to serve barbecue food	i m sorry but there are none that serve barbecue food do you have an alternate cuisine preference ?
3 how about gastropub food ?	all right sir the cow pizza kitchen and bar has gastropub food and it is in the moderate price range would you like to make a reservation there ?
4 yes please.book for five at 1700hrs or 1600hrs and get me the reference number	what day would you like to book for ?
5 on thursday please	sorry the restaurant isn t available at 17:00 do you want to try a different time ?
6 how about 16:00 ?	yes i have a reservation available for 16:00 your reference number is gxv1uifj is there anything else you need ?
7 that is all i need for today thanks for your extraordinary service !	you are very welcome please let us know if you need anything else

1 hello i would like to eat somewhere expensive in the north	saigon city is an expensive place in the north part of town
2 okay i want to book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on saturday	you are all set for a party of 6 on saturday at saigon city reference #3ib3ppd0 is there anything else i could help you with today ?
3 no thank you that is all	all right enjoy your meal !

1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food	it does not appear there are any restaurants serving afghan food
2 how about asian oriental food ?	kymmoy is in centre and saigon city is in north would you like more information on one of those ?
3 could you tell me the phone number of saigon city ?	the phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 would you like any additional information ?
4 yes i would like the number for saigon city	01223 356555 is the number
5 thank you can you also tell me the address for saigon city please ?	the address for saigon city is 169 high street chesterton chesterton
6 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the north part of town
7 thank you good bye	thank you goo bye

1 i need an expensive restaurant	what kind of food are you interested in ?
2 i would like vietnamese food	no restaurants matching your queries have been found would you like to search for another food type ?
3 is there any restaurants severing north american food	gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves north american food
4 is that expensive ?	yes it is listed as expensive in my database would you like more information on it ?
5 yes i would like to have the phone number and postcode please	phone number is 01223 312598 postcode is c.b 2 1 ab

1 hi i m looking for a restaurant that serves irish food can you help me ?	i m sorry there aren t any restaurants that serve irish food would you like help with anything else ?
2 can i have a thai restaurant instead ?	there are two thai restaurants there is sala thong in the west area and bangkok city in the centre area

1 help me find a restaurant called hakka please	that restaurant serves chinese food and is expensive
2 i d like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at 1815 please	great i have booked that for you and your reference number is xdyjmto7
3 thank you for your help good day	you as well thanks for using the service !
4 of course ! thanks good bye	welcome again next time enjoy our services

1 hi can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ? i d like it to be on the east side of town if possible	there are no restaurants serving singaporean food on the east part of town
2 can you help me find some chinese food then ?	yu garden is located on the east part of town would you like the telephone and address ?
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a and the number is 01223 248882
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i am looking to eat at rajmahal	of course rajmahal is located in the east part of town at 7 barnwell road fen ditton
2 can i get their phone number and postcode so i can pay them a visit it sounds like a great place to dine	sure ! their phone number is 01223244955 and postcode is cb58rg is there anything else i can help with ?
3 nope that was all that i needed to know thank you	you re very welcome feel free to let us know if you need anything else

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves australasian food	there are no restaurants matching your requests may i help you find a different type of restaurant ?
2 i d like to find some mediterranean food and need to know their address and phone number	there is an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food located at thompsons lane fen ditton their phone number is 01223 362525
3 thank you !	thank you goodbye

1 hi i need a recommendation for a restaurant in town	i know several great restaurants ! do you have a cuisine or location preference ? or maybe a price range preference ?
2 the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the moderate price range	i think xxx restaurant is good
3 is there a yelp rating for the restaurant ?	i m sorry but i don t have yelp ratings
4 ok book what you deem best and get me the reference number	does the golden wok sound good ? i will need to know how many are in your party and what time you d like a reservation
5 the reservation is just for me this saturday at 15:45 please	before reserving i just want to confirm you want the reservation for the golden wok ?
6 yes i would like a reservation for the golden wok for one person at 15:45 this saturday please give me the reference number as well	ok i have your table booked your reference number is 0iymoqtn is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 that is all thank you	thank you for using our services

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal	sure thing do you have a type of food you d like or a specific area you d like to eat in ?
2 the restaurant should be in the south and should serve eastern european food if there is a restaurant like that	i am sorry there are no restaurants that meet that criteria can i help with anything else ?
3 how about portugese ?	there is one shall i book it for you ?
4 what price range is that one ?	this is a cheap one
5 i need a table for 4 at 19:30 on thursday if that time is unavailable please reserve for 18:30	i have booked you a table for four people on thursday at 19:30 at nandos the reference number is x15ntnnn can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that is all the information that i needed thank you for your time	thanks for using our helpline hope you have a great day
7 thank you ! you too ! good bye	bye and have a great time at nandos !

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are five restaurants in the expensive category in that area would you prefer mexican italian chinese or indian ?
2 i would prefer mexican	chiquito restaurant bar serves expensive mexican food in the south part of town would you like more info ?
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for the mexican restaurant chiquito restaurant bar is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 i would like to book a table at a turkish place and is moderately priced	you have your choice of anatolia or efes restaurant
2 i will choose anatolia address please ?	the address is 30 bridge street in the centre
3 can you book me a table for 7 at 12:30 on thursday ?	i got a table at efes instead for you your reference number is 2j5aemri is there anything else ?
4 that will be all thank you	thank you for using the system,goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves danish food	i m sorry but there is no matching records found that fits your requests
2 what about international food ?	there are three restaurants that serve international food would you like a specific price range ?
3 i do not have a preference	bloomsbury restaurant is in the centre and serving international food and it is a moderate price is there anything i can help you with ?
4 can i get the phone number and postcode please ?	bloomsbury restaurant s phone number is 0871 942 9180 their postcode is c.b 2 3 d.t
5 thank you bye bye	have a nice day !

1 is there any place that serves bbq around here ?	i m sorry there are no bbq places in the city is there another type of food you would be interested in ?
2 i am interested in portuguese food	there are two portuguese restaurants would you prefer the south or centre part of town ?
3 i don t care can you give me one of the address ?	sure nandos in the south and its phone number is 01223 327908
4 i don t care about the price range	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 hi can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town ?	here is a list of restaurants located in the south side of town in the moderate price range
2 may i have the address and phone number please	pizza hut cherry hinton is at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and phone number is 01223 323737
3 thank you goodbye	thank you ! goodbye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves scandinavian food	no results for your query have been found would you like to try again ?
2 are there any cheap restaurants that serve italian food ?	yes there are five options for cheap italian food three are located in the centre of town one in the north and one in the west part of town do you have a preference on area ?
3 it really doesn t matter but i suppose the north can i get the address and phone number please ?	of course da vinci pizzeria is at 20 milton road chesterton and the number is 01223 351707
4 thank you for your help	you re welcome enjoy your food

1 am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range	i have two choices in that area and price range would you prefer italian or vietnamese ?
2 i would prefer vietnamese	thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant in the west shall i book a reservation for you ?
3 yes please i d like it to be for tuesday at 12:00	how many people should i make the reservation for ?
4 there will be 7 of us	the booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is kh5f18tn anything else i may assist you with ?
5 no that s it thanks for your help !	you are welcome ! have a nice day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the cheap price range and in the east part of town	the missing sock serves cheap food in the east part of town
2 can i have the phone and address ?	the address of the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road and phone number is 01223 812660
3 thank you for your help good bye	thank you very much good bye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town please	do you have a preference as to food type ? i found matches for british indian chinese and gastropub
2 i don t have a preference	the grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food
3 what is the address ?	the address of the grafton hotel restaurant is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton
4 thank you and good bye	you re welcome good bye
5 bye	enjoy your meal
6 goodbye	good bye

1 moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please	there are two italian and one british moderatley priced restaurants are there any you would like to know more information on ?
2 please give me the address of the british restaurant	saint johns chop house is a british restaurant located at 21 - 24 northampton street
3 what type of food do they serve ?	saint johns chop house serves british food
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye

1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant that serves welsh food can you help me ?	no information found
2 how about portuguese food ? i don t care about the price range	which area of town would you prefer ?
3 portuguese food in any area	there are two restaurants serving portuguese food nandos in the south and nandos in city center would you like further information on either of those ?
4 could you give me the phone number and address of the nandos in city center ?	nandos can be found at 33-34 saint andrews street and can be reached at 01223 327908 can i assist you with anything else ?
5 no thanks that is all goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 hi i m looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of the city ?	we have many options ! did you have a specific price range ?
2 definitely cheap	there are several two on regent street and one at 12 bridge street do you have any preferences ?
3 it doesn t matter what do you recommend ?	i would recommend one of the locally owned restaurants what is your address ? i can find one of the closest to you do you want to walk ?
4 please just book a cheap italian one for me in the centre i need it for 8 people at 13:45 on saturday	i was able to book a table at zizzi cambridge for 13:45 your reference number is ksyhrb8i
5 thanks that s all i needed today you ve been a great help !	have a wonderful day and enjoy your meal !

1 i would like a hungarian restaurant in the west of town	there are no hungarian restaurants in the west of town would you like to change your query ?
2 is there any indian food on the west side of town	there are 6 indian restaurants in the west part of town what price range do you have in mind ?
3 the price range doesn t matter	would you like the name address and phone number of a few of them ?
4 yes but just for one	cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre and their phone number is 01223 366668 their price range is expensive
5 thank you !	you re welcome may i help with another query ?
6 nope i m good thanks again	goodbye

1 i would like a restaurant in centre city serving spanish food	la raza is a spanish restaurant in the city centre that is in the cheap price range
2 please give me la raza s address and postcode please give me la raza s phone number	the address for la raza is 4 - 6 rose crescent and the postcode is c.b 2 3 ll la raza s phone number is 01223 464550
3 thank you !	thank you goodbye
4 goodbye !	goodbye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and the price range is expensive would you like their address ?
2 sounds great what is their phone number ?	their number is 01223 400170 is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye
4 bye bye	you hang up first sir !

1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	certainly some of your options are: the grafton hotel restaurant the pipasha restaurant the royal standard the sitar tandoon and the yu garden
2 so many choices can you just suggest one and give me the address phone number and postcode ?	how about pipasha restaurant they serve indian food and their phone number is 01223 577786 their address is newmarket road fen ditton and their postcode is c.b 5 8 p.a
3 thank you very much !	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant in the south	the good luck chinese food takeaway or peking restaurant would meet your needs would you like to make a reservation ?
2 no reservation right now i just need the phone number	the good luck chinese food takeaway can be reached at 01223244149 the peking restaurant can be reached at 01223354755 is there anything else i can help with ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you !	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

1 i want a danish restaurant in the south	there are no danish restaurants in the south
2 how about an italian restaurant in the south ?	there is a frankie and bennys located in the south
3 phone number and postcode	the phone number is 01223 412430 the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
4 thank you goodbye	thank you ..good bye

1 hi i want a tuscan restaurant that s expensively priced	i m sorry there are no tuscan restaurants in the expensive price range would you like to try something else ?
2 how about korean food ?	little seoul is an expensive restaurant in the centre area would you like the address ?
3 yes please	the address is 108 regent street city centre do you need any further information ?
4 no thank you	enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the cheap price range	royal spice is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range
2 can i have something else ?	da vinci pizzeria serves is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 what is the address ?	their address is 20 milton road chesterton
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 are there any chinese restaurants in the centre part of town ?	jinling noodle bar is in the centre abd serves chinese food
2 are they expensive ?	they are in the moderate price range
3 please look for something else in the expensive price range i will need the address post code and phone number	does the jinling noodle bar sound like a good choice ?
4 sure ! what s the address postcode and phone number of it ?	their address is 11 peas hill city centre postcode is cb23pp and phone number is 01223566188
5 thank you for your help	thank you goodbye

1 can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?	meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and in the moderate price range
2 what is the phone number ?	01223 727410
3 thank you good bye	thank you for using this system goodbye
4 thank you good bye	thank you

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town	there are 5 available restaurants what food would you like ?
2 the restaurant should serve chinese food	there are two options for your preferences: hakka on milton road in chesterton and the hotpot at 66 chesterton road in chesterton
3 yes thank you i would like to make reservations at the hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 13:30 this tuesday	i could not get a table at the hotspot i was able to reserve one for hakka however your reference number is pbstnzcl
4 thank you that is all i need bye	thank you and enjoy your meal have a great day

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range	do you have a preference on the type of food ?
2 i don t have a preference	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the moderate price range
3 what is the address ?	prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road do you want the phone number ?
4 no thank you that is all i wanted to know good bye	thank you for using the system good bye

1 i m looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town	what price range would you like ?
2 any price range will be fine	i have no steakhouse in the east area but the river bar steakhouse and grill is located in the centre area
3 i really need something in the east part of town how about indian food ?	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves indian food
4 sounds great what is their address and phone number ?	curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton; their phone number is 01223566388
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 im up north whats the address for a mediterranean place around here ?	what price range would you like ?
2 i do not care about the price range	there are no mediterranean location in the north part of town however there is an international place call the bloomsbury restaurant
3 what about mediterranean in any part of town ?	there are three mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town would you prefer an expensive or a cheap restaurant ?
4 price doesn t matter i would like the address phone number and the postcode please	la mimosa serves mediterranean food their phone number is 01223 362525 their address is thompsons lane fen ditton and their postcode is c.b 5 8 aq
5 that sounds good thank you	you re welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves italian food	there are five restaurants in the cheap price range that serve italian food what area are you looking for ?
2 i don t care which area	ask serves italian food and is in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 yes please i would like their address	ask is located at 12 bridge street city centre their telephone number is 01223 364917
4 thank you goodbye	have a good day ! goodbye

1 could you find me a welsh restaurant in the cheap price range ?	therea are no welsh restaurants listed
2 how about italian type of food ?	in which area would you like to look ?
3 any area will be fine	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and it is in the north part of town
4 what is their address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
5 ok thank you for your help !	thank you goodbye

1 i want a restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the south	pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range
2 are there any other restaurants i can choose from ?	restaurant alimentum is also located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 can i have the address phone number and type of food served by restaurant alimentum ?	they serve modern european food and are located at 152 - 154 hills road their number is 01223 413000
4 thank you	you are very welcome good bye

1 i m trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
2 is there anything else ? if so please give the address and the phone number	the golden wok is also a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town they are located at 191 histon road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688 how else may i assist you ?
3 nothing else thank you good bye	you re welcome good bye

1 i m looking for a moderately priced japanese restaurant	i m sorry but there is no restaurant serving japanese food and in the moderate price range would you like to try another type of food or a different price range ?
2 how about modern european food ?	there are 3 restaurants serving modern european food and in the moderate price range would you like the south or centre part of town ?
3 i do not have a preference please make a suggestion	de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 regent street
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for using the system

1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves eritrean food	there is not a restaurant serving eritrean food listed would you like something else ?
2 yes are there any restaurants that serve italian food ?	there are five cheap restaurants that serve italian food what area would you like to search ?
3 i do not have a preference	ask is a cheap italian restaurant located in the centre part of town
4 i need their address and phone number please	the phone number for ask is 01223 364917 and they are located at 12 bridge street city centre
5 great ! thank you !	you re welcome have a nice day !

1 i m looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city	the curry prince is on the east side of town
2 do they serve chinese food ?	no they do not serve chinese food however the yu garden does and is in the east side
3 what is the address ?	yu garden s address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 yes what is the price range ?	yu garden is in the expensive price range do you want the address and phone number ?
5 i already got the address thank you that is all i needed good bye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west	there are 9 matching restaurants what food would you like ?
2 i would really like to try some british food please	i have 2 matching restaurants would you like more details on them ?
3 no if you could just book me into one for saturday that would be great	ok how many people and what is the time preference ?
4 i need if for four 13:30 saturday	sure you re booked at travellers rest with reference number a5lk844g may i help with anything else ?
5 okay great no that will be it	okay glad i could be of help please call again

1 good morning can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please ?	sure we have many good options what cuisine type do you prefer ?
2 it doesn t matter	how about the oak bistro ? it serves british food
3 sure may i have their address please ?	the restaurant is located at 6 lensfield road
4 great ! i think that was all i needed thanks have a nice day	you are very welcome ! enjoy your meal !

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the center that serves turkish food	hi anatolia and efes restaurant are two options in the centre for turkish food i hope you find what you re looking for !
2 could i have the address for the anatolia ?	sure thing the address for the anatolia is 30 bridge street city centre anything else i can help you find ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves swiss food	i m sorry but there are no swiss restaurants in town can i offer you something else ?
2 how about vietnamese food ?	yes thanh binh serves vietnamese food and it is in the west part of town can i help you with anything else ?
3 could i have the address and phone number please ?	thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and phone number is 01223 362456
4 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve vietnamese food
5 what is the price range ?	they are in the cheap price range
6 thank you goodbye	you re wecome thank you for calling goodbye

1 could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre ?	i show several restaurants in the city centre if you could perhaps indicate what type of food you would like it would narrow my search further
2 it s for my friend s birthday and he really likes thai food	i can book a table at bangkok city for 2 when would you like the reservation ?
3 since i like chinese food could you see if any restaurants serve both thai and chinese food ?	i apologize i do not have any listed that serve both cuisines would you prefer one type of food ?
4 lets go with chinese food he likes chinese just as much can you recommend one in the centre ?	i have the ugly duckling in the centre would you like to make a reservation there ?
5 sounds good please make a reservation for 3 next wednesday at 14:15 i would like a reference number	i cant get you a table there how about tang chinese instead your reference number is sag9pai9 they have better food
6 that is fine thank you	you re welcome ! have a great day !

1 am looking for a train the train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge	i m sorry i m experiencing an error in my system could you please restate your request ?
2 i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the north side of town	there are two options for you royal spice and da vinci pizzeria do you have a preference ?
3 let s try the da vinci pizzeria i ll need the address and phone number too please	da vinci pizzeria is a great choice ! they are located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223351707
4 great thanks for all of your help !	you are welcome ! have a nice day

1 hello i want a cheap barbeque restaurant	there is not a restaurant matching your request would you like a different restaurant ?
2 are there any cheap indian restaurants ?	there are four listings for the provided criteria do you prefer the centre or south area ?
3 i don t care	kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre of town would you like their address ?
4 yes please	the address is 74 mill road city centre
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers african food what is their number ?	where are you located ? i see two that might work but id like to offer the closest
2 i do not care about the area of town	bedouin is an expensive african restaurant in the city centre
3 that sounds good what is their number so that i can ring them ?	their phone number is 01223 367660
4 great ! thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 can you help me find a restaurant ?	are you looking for a particular style of food ?
2 i m actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of royal spice	yes the royal spice is located on victoria avenue chesterton and on the northern part of cambridge
3 may i ask what type of food does royal spice serve ?	sure ! it is indian food
4 i ll also need the postcode and area please	royal spice is located in the north area and the postcode is cb41eh
5 great thanks that is all i need today	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the centre	sure ! do you have a price range ?
2 no i m not looking for a particular price range	i have several places would you like me to try to book you into curry garden ?
3 i don t have a price range but i would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at 18:45	sure which day will you be dining ?
4 book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on thursday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : vysfhvfc
5 thank you so much	no problem is there anything else i can help with today ?
6 that s it thank you !	we appreciate you using our services have a good day

1 i m interested in finding a restaurant that serves tuscan food do you know of any in the moderate price range ?	no i am sorry i don t have anything but i m sure i could find you something that is simply italian
2 i m sorry i m only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves tuscan food	i apologize but it appears tuscan with the moderate price range does not have any result
3 that okay italian does sound fine actually could you find a moderately priced italian restaurant instead ?	i found prezzo in the west part of town would that work ?
4 yes that works please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday can you do that ?	booking was unfortunately unsuccessful can we try another day or time slot ?
5 can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on wednesday please ?	sure no problem your reference number is 7u1bwj5q
6 thank you that s all i need !	thank you goodbye

1 can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city ?	there are 9 matching records in the north what price range do you want ?
2 i don t care	is there a certain type of food that you would like ?
3 yes i would like world food	i am sorry i can t find any restaurant serves world food in the north is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today ?
4 maybe some indian food ?	great hit

1 i am looking for a place that serves african food i don t care about the price range	african huh ? where are you now ? id hate to send you somewhere far away
2 it doesn t matter what suggestions do you have ?	how about bedouin ?
3 please provide me with the address and phone number to bedouin	bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and their phone number is 01223 367660
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

1 hi i am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves tuscan food	i m sorry there are not tuscan restaurants at all can i find a different cuisine type for you ?
2 okay that s fine can you find me one that serves chinese food ?	i have 3 chinese restaurants available is there a price range you would prefer ?
3 i don t care i just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on tuesday if you can book me one	i have the lucky star with is in the south and cheap would you like me to book at that restaurant ?
4 lucky star sure why not	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another time or different chinese restaurant ?
5 could you find me a place with the same price range in the same area ?	the only other cheap restaurant in the center of the city is a portuguese restaurant would you like me to book that for you
6 yes please same people date and time	i was able to book at table at nandos for the time and date specified your reference number is 0w15tqoh can i help you with anything else today ?
7 no i do not need anything else thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a lovely day !

1 what is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town ?	da vinci pizzeria can be reached at 01223351707 and is located at 20 milton road chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town	the curry prince in on the east side of town and is in the moderate price range
2 what is there phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 566388
3 is there anything else i can help you with	is that all ?
4 yes that is all i needed to know thank you	thank you

1 i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant	golden wok is moderately priced restaurant located in the north part of town
2 could you please give me their address and postcode ?	golden wok is located 191 histon road chesterton at and their postcode is c.b 4 3 hl is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please give me their address and phone number too	do you have a food type preference because there are results for indian british and italian
2 indian is fine	meghna is at 205 victoria road chesterton and their number is 01223 727410 can i do anything else for you ?
3 no that ll be all thank you !	thank you and have a good evening !

1 i want to find a restaurant serving basque food i don t care about the price range	i m sorry but the system doesn t have info for what you are looking for is there a different type of food you may want ?
2 yes international food	there are 3 restaurants serving international food which area of town are you interested in ?
3 i don t care	bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
4 can i have the address please ?	bloomsbury restaurant address is crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
6 goodbye	have a good day

1 i am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town	how about golden wok located at 191 histon road chesterton ?
2 okay can i get the address and phone number please ?	the address is 191 histon road chesterton the phone number is 01223350688
3 thank you that is all i needed have a good night	you re welcome good night

1 i am looking for a cheap place to dine	do you have a preferred cuisine type ?
2 i would prefer indian food in the city centre please	i have listings for 3 in that area,can i recommend the gandhi at 72 regent street city centre ?
3 is it in the cheap price range ?	yes all three are in the cheap range
4 will you book me for this weekend ?	which day would you like and the time ?

1 i need to get to a restaurant known as the lucky star	it is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
2 thanks please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on saturday	i m sorry but there are no tables available at that time would you like to choose another day or time ?
3 sure do they have any openings at 17:00 ?	thank you goodbye

1 i need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the centre of town	there is one korean restaurant in centre of town it is expensive it s called little seoul would you like a reservation ?
2 please book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on monday	i am sorry by little seoul wasn t available at that time is there another option for dining i can look up for you ?
3 how about a different restaurant within the same area and price range	you are booked into kymmoy which serves asian oriental in the town centre and expensive range your reference number is j39deupu the address is 52 mill road city centre
4 that was very helpful thank you goodbye !	thank you for using our system !

1 hi i want a moderately priced restaurant	there are several restaurants in the moderate price range do you have a preference for the type of food or part of town ?
2 located in the east side	there is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on the east side would you like that address ?
3 yes please could i have the address phone number and postcode of the venue ?	curry prince s address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton their postcode is c.b 5 8 jj their phone number is 01223 566388
4 thank you	you re welcome anything else i can help you find ?
5 that s it thanks good bye	thank you for calling goodbye

1 i want a moderately priced restaurant	what part of town would you like ?
2 the south part of town	there is an italian restaurant and one that serves modern european which would you like ?
3 no preference you choose one please	how about the pizza hut cherry hinton ?
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 323737
5 good bye	good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre	are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive moderate or cheap price range ?
2 it doesn t matter i m particularly interested in jamaican food	unfortunately there are no jamaican restaurants in the centre area is there another area or food type that you would like ?
3 then how about somewhere serving modern european food ?	we have four restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre area is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes please give me the address of the best one of them	the most expensive would be darrys cookhouse and wine shop at 40270 king street city centre will that be all today ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and let us know if we can be of further assistance

1 i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are several expensive restaurants in the south part of town do you prefer mexican indian italian or chinese ?
2 ok then i ll take mexican can i get an address and phone number for the restaurant ?	ciquito restaurant bar is at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 400170
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

1 hi have you heard of pizza hut city centre by chance ? i may want to eat there soon	sure they are located at regent street city centre would you like me to book you there ?
2 no i just need the postcode and address please is this an italian restaurant ?	pizza hut city centre is listed as an italian restaurant yes they are located at regent street city centre in postcode cb21ab can i help you with anything else today ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you !	glad we could help please contact us again if you should have further questions or need a booking thank you

1 an expensive restaurant please	do you have an area of town or type of cuisine in mind ?
2 i was thinking catalan food	there are no expensive catalan restaurants can i help you find something else ?
3 are there any mid-range catalan restaurants ?	yes what type of food do you want ?
4 how about italian ?	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the moderate price range
5 great what is thier address phone number and area ?	prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road its phone number is 01799521260 and it is in the west is there anything else can i help you with ?
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling enjoy your meal ! goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves japanese food	wagamama is a japanese restaurant that s in the centre part of town
2 can i please have the phone number and address ?	their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 saint andrews street
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town what is the address and food ?	la margherita an italian restaurant in the west part of town and in the cheap price range their address is 15 magdalene street city centre
2 thank you	you are welcome

1 i m trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town can you recommend one to me ?	there are three restaurants in the east part of town in the moderate price range would you prefer indian or italian food ?
2 can you suggest me some indian ones ?	i would recommend rajmahal a nice indian place in the east
3 thank you can you please give me the address and phone number ?	certainly the address for rajmahal is 7 barnwell road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 244955 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	there are several cheap restaurants located in the centre part of town
2 do any serve spanish food ?	yes la raza serves spanish food would you like their phone number ?
3 no i would like the address and the post code please	la raza is located at 4-6 rose crescent their postcode is c.b 2 3 l.l
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food	there is the ali baba at the city center would you like to have the address ?
2 what is the address and phone number ?	address is 59 hills road city centre and phone number is 01462 432565
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you good bye !

1 i am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving italian food	there are expensive italian restaurants in centre and south do you have a preferred area ?
2 i don t care which area the restaurant is located in	there is a very nice italian restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar in the centre of town
3 can i have the address and phone number please ?	the phone number for stazione restaurant and coffee bar is 01223 352607 and they are located at market hill city centre
4 what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food
5 thank you	you re very welcome have a nice day !

1 i need help finding a restaurant please	what kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit ?
2 i would really like to find someplace serving thai in the centre of town	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre do you want me to make a reservation ?
3 yes i need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday	you are booked for bangkok city your reference number is 64oefcho the table will be reserved for 15 minutes anything else ?
4 no that is all thanks good bye	have a great day and please call us again if you need anything else bye !

1 hello can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves korean food ? i need to know the address too	little seoul is a nice restaurant that serves korean food the address is 108 regent street city centre
2 and what is the postcode ?	the post code is c.b 2 1.d p
3 thank you good bye	thank you

1 i need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre	there are 21 different restaurants that fit your criteria is there a specific type of food you are looking for that could narrow down the list ?
2 can i get the food type and postcode of one you d recommend ?	i recommend anatolia it is a turkish food type restaurant and its postcode is cb21uj
3 okay thank you very much	would you like to book a table if so how many are dining ?
4 not at this time thank you for everything	thank you and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the moderate price range	i m sorry i find no modern american food listed in any price category may i try another cuisine for you perhaps italian ?
2 yes how about turkish then ?	either anatolia or efes restaurant would fit that criteria can i reserve one for you ?
3 yes i reserve to anatolia restaurant	i d be happy to make your reservation first i will need to know the day/time you re looking for and how many are in your party
4 i m sorry i don t actually need to reserve at this time i just need the phone number and address if you could provide that	sure anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223362372 can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no that would be it thanks a lot goodbye	thank you for calling goodbye

1 i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town could you recommend me three restaurants ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the south of town and restaurant alimentum is a moderately priced modern european restaurant in the south of town
2 is there a third restaurant ?	there is not
3 ok can you give me the address and phone number for restaurant alimentum ?	their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 hills road
4 thanks much ! bye !	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves european food ?	there are a number of restaurants that serve european food can you narrow down the area or price range ?
2 i don t care give me the address and phone number of one of them	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food and it is in the expensive price range the phone number is 01223 355166 and the address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 great ! thank you	thank you and have a great day !

1 i would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food	there are no restaurants that serve brazilian food
2 please search for french food i will also need the address and phone number	i found two french restaurants one in centre and one in north do you have a preference on area ?
3 i don t care	do you have a preference on the price ?
4 i don t care	cote is a good french restaurant it is located at bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223311053 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that is all i need thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves international food	there are several restaurants serving international food would you prefer one in the centre or east part of town ?
2 i don t care	there are three restaurants serving international food what price range would you like ?

1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food	there is restaurant two two in the the north side of town that serves french food
2 what is their address number and price range ?	restaurant two two is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 chesterton road chesterton would you like anything else ?
3 no that takes care of it thank you for your help	thank you for using our system good bye

1 can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food ?	there are not restaurants matching your request may i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 how about indian food instead ?	there are two indian restaurants in the north part of town what price range are you looking for ?
3 what are the price ranges of the two available restaurants ?	one of them is cheap and the other is moderately price
4 tell me the address of the moderately priced one	the nirala is located at 7 milton street chesterton
5 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 looking for mediterranean food	la mimosa serves mediterranean food in the centre of town would you like their information ?
2 yes i d like the address and phone number please	it is located at thompsons lane fen ditton and you can reach them at 01223 362525
3 thank you ! goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 is there any restaurants on the south part of town ?	yes chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant in the south part of town
2 i want a restaurant serving chinese food ? what is the address and price range ?	peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town the price range is expensive and the address is 10 homerton street city centre

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food	there are no restaurants serving vegetarian food
2 how about turkish food ?	three restaurants serve turkish food do you have a price preference ?
3 i do not care	anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre of town do you want the address and phone number ?
4 address please	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range it should serve sri lankan food	i m sorry but i have nothing listed is there another type of food you might be interested in ?
2 i was really hoping for sri lankan	i m afraid there aren t any sri lankan restaurants in town at all is there something else i can search for you ?
3 how about gastropub ?	i found three located in the centre and one on the east which would you prefer ?
4 are they all listed as expensive ?	yes they are all expensive backstreet bistro is in the centre area and royal standard is in the east would you like me to make a reservation at either of these ?
5 could you please give me the phone number for the royal standard ?	sure it s 01223247877
6 okay thanks that will do it for today	you are most welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

1 i want a place to dine that is in the centre please	there are 69 restaurants in the centre would you like to narrow it down by type of food or price ?
2 i would like to narrow it down by price and i want chinese	there is five different options that are in various price ranges

1 hi i want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
2 address and postcode please	their address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and their postcode is c.b 1 7 dy is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

1 can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving spanish food anywhere in town ?	la tasca serves spanish food and is located in the town centre and is in the moderate price range
2 what is the address phone number and area ?	their address is 14 -16 bridge street in the centre area their phone number is 01223 464630 can i help with anything else ?
3 no that is it thank you	thank you for choosing our system goodbye
4 thanks again !	good bye

1 i want expensive korean food i want the address and area of town	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range the address is 108 regent street
2 what part of town is that in ?	little seoul is located in the centre of town
3 i wanted indonesian food if possible i wanted to ask about expensive indonesian food first	there are no indonesian restaurants may i search for something else ?
4 thank you for your help !	not a problem have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving moroccan food would you like something else ?
2 can i have the asian oriental type of food then ?	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food
3 do you have an address ?	dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 millers yard city centre
4 may i have the postcode please ?	dojo noodle bar s postcode is c.b 2 1 rq is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food	la mimosa is an expensive restaurant in the city centre that serves mediterranean food
2 is there another venue ?	there is the gardenia if you re looking for a cheap restaurant
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the gardenia is located at 2 rose crescent city centre and their phone number is 01223 356354
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
5 i don t care about the price thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for an austrian restaurant	what area are you interested in today ?
2 west	there is no austrian restaurant in west is there another area you might be interested in today ?
3 how about italian food ?	there are 15 results for italian food do you have an area of town or price range in mind ?
4 west part of town	prezzo serves italian food and is located in the west part of town
5 great what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01799 521260 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !
7 goodbye	good bye !

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	there are 33 restaurants in the centre serving expensive food what type of food would you like ?
2 the restaurant should serve japanese food	can i book wamagama restaurant for you ? it s a perfect fit
3 i actually would just like their address postcode and telephone number at this time	wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street postcode cb23ar phone 01223462354 do you need any further assistance ?
4 that is all i need thanks for all your help !	i m glad i could help have a great day and thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre !
5 okay i will thanks again bye !	enjoy your stay ! bye

1 hello i am looking for a hungarian restaurant on the east side of town	there are no restaurants matching your request would you like a different restaurant ?
2 yes i d like a chinese restaurant in the east part of town	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east of town
3 please give me yu garden s address phone number and postcode	01223 248882 and the postcode is c.b 5 8 p a
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in indonesian food please	there are no restaurants serving indonesian food in the north part of town would you like me to look in another part of town ?
2 what about italian food ?	da vinci pizzeria is a restaurant serving italian food in the north part of town would you like any additional information ?
3 yes may i have the address and phone number please ?	the address is 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye
5 bye	have a good evening

1 i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east would you like to know the address and phone number ?
3 just the phone number is fine please	the phone number is 01223 241387 will that be all ?
4 that is all thank you very much good bye	thank you for using the cambridge system goodbye

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town what is the address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria which is in the north part of town and the cheap price range is at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
2 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system

1 i m looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range	there are many can i get a price range and area you would like the restaurant to be in to narrow down the search ?
2 i would like a moderate price range and in the centre would you be able to book a table for friday at 19:30 ? it would be for 2	okay there are 21 options would you like to choose a cuisine to narrow down the choices ?
3 why don t you choose one for me as long as i can get the tables booked	i tried the yippee noodle bar which serves asian oriental food but it is booked do you want to stay with chinese asian cuisine ?
4 just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 19:30 please and i ll need a reference number	ok sorry about that i can get you a table at restaurant one seven your reference number is a2ra63nx is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre good bye

1 i would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves tuscan food	nothing is matching your request i m sorry
2 bummer could you help me find some cheap italian food then ?	if you do not have a preference of area i recommend la margherita in the west
3 sounds great what is their phone number and address ?	la margherita is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 how about italian ?	la margherita serves great italian food can i help with anything else ?
5 no that is all thank you very much good bye	you are very welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves malaysian food and is in the cheap price range	no matches found for cheap malaysian food would you like something else ?
2 how about vietnamese food please ?	thanh binh is a nice restaurant that serves vietnamese food and is in the cheap price range
3 that sounds great ! may i have their phone number please ?	thanh binh s phone number is 01223 362456
4 okay thank you for your help !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system please call again

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves welsh food	i apologize there are no restaurants in the expensive price range that serve welsh food would you like a different type of food ?
2 how about korean food ?	little seoul is an expensive korean restaurant is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes i would like their address and what part of town they are located in	little seoul is located in the centre of town and the address is 108 regent street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	have a nice day ! goodbye

1 a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town please	the golden wok is a nice restaurant in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
2 yes please	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton
3 phone number ?	the golden wok s phone number is 01223 350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that s it thank you good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 is there a portuguese food restaurant ?	yes
2 is there anything else ?	there are two portuguese restaurants in town would you prefer one in the centre of town or in the south part ?
3 can i get the address and phone number please ?	their address is 33-34 saint andrews street their phone is 01223 327908
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using out system good bye

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves english food	there are no restaurants that fit your desired criteria is there another cuisine type or price range ?
2 european food that is moderately priced please	galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
3 what is the address and postcode ?	the address for galleria is 33 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 uw can i help you with anything else ?
4 that is it thank you	thank you good bye

1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called city stop restaurant	city stop is located in the north of the city and serves european food may i help with anything else ?
2 what is the postcode and their phone number ?	city stop s post code is cb41uy and they can be reached at 01223363270 would you like a reservation ?
3 nope that s all i needed today thanks for you help !	you are welcome and enjoy your stay

1 i am looking for a restaurant	is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer ?
2 not sure of that i am looking for a restaurant named "ask."	that is an italian restaurant located in the centre of town it is at 12 bridge street can i call and reserve a table for you ?
3 i would like to book a table for 5 people on sunday at 14:15	i am afraid that booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 yes a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range	yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range did you still want italian ?
5 type of food doesn t matter which is the best one ? i ll book that	your reservation is at the dojo noodle bar at millers yard the reference number is w87akiby and the table will be held for 15 minutes is that all ?
6 that is all thank you !	thank you for calling enjoy your dining experience

1 can you tell me where i can find an expensive chinese restaurant ?	there are 9 expensive chinese restaurants do you have a specific area you would like ?
2 i would prefer the city centre please	i have 4 how about hk fusion ?
3 i would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on sunday	the booking for hk fusion was unsuccessful would you like a different restaurant ?
4 will try another one in the same area and price range ? if you can book it will you give me the reference number ?	you are booked into the ugly duckling which is in the expensive price range in the centre of town your reference number is 3rfxw8g6 is there anything else ?
5 no that is all thank you good bye	okay enjoy your lunch and thank you for calling

1 please find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town would you like their location ?
2 could i have their phone number please and type of cuisine they serve ?	they serve international food and their phone number is 01223 812660
3 that sounds good thank you for your help	thank you ! goodbye

1 i want a restaurant on the west end of town	ok are you looking for any particular type of food ?
2 i don t care	are you looking for a particular price range ?
3 a moderately priced restaurant would be good	do you have a cuisine preference ?
4 no preference	how about prezzo ? they serve moderately priced italian food on the west side of town
5 can i please have their address and phone number ?	prezzo s address is 21 - 24 northampton road their phone number is 01799 521260
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town	do you have a preference on type of food ?
2 i don t care	there are three venues to choose from
3 ok what are they ?	curry prince and rajmahal which both serve indian food and pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food
4 could i get the address of one of them ?	absolutely curry prince s address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 need a restaurant serving turkish style venue	ok so you would like a turkish restaurant in what area would you like to eat ?
2 any area would be fine ! could i please get the address and postcode of a turkish restaurant ?	anatolia is a turkish restaurant at 30 bridge street city centre c.b 2 1 uj is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 hi could you help me find a restaurant called ask	ask is a cheap italian restaurant located at 12 bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223364917
2 are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 16:45 on tuesday ?	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like to look for another restaurant ?
3 please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range	i can book at zizzi bambridge at 16:45 on tuesday for 8 people
4 that will work	reference number is : wk5jkohn need anything else ?
5 that s all thank you for your help today !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

1 hello can you please recommend a korean restaurant for me ?	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the epensive price range it is located in the centre area
2 what is their phone number	the phone number is 01223 308681
3 what is the address ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye !

1 i want some mexican food	the only listing for mexican food is chiquito restaurant bar how else may i assist you ?
2 i want a restaurant in the centre and serves asian oriental food ? what is the phone number ?	we have four asian oriental restaurants in centre what price range do you prefer ?
3 i don t care	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food and is located in the centre of town the price range is cheap
4 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471 would you like any other information ?
5 no thank you that s all i need thank you and goodbye !	you re welcome goodbye

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food	i m sorry i can t find any cheap swedish restaurants would you like to look for a different style of food or increase your price range ?
2 how about indian food ?	there are three cheap indian restaurants in the centre part of town or royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north do any of these interest you ?
3 yes what is the address for royal spice please ?	royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton do you need any other information ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling us and please use our system again goodbye

1 get me a restaurant that serves european food	there are several restaurants serving european food would you like the west center or south part of town ?
2 i dont really care	which price range are you looking for ?
3 any price range is fine	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 could i have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please ?	the phone number is 01223 355166 and the post code is c.b 3 0 dq is there anything else ?
5 no thank you	thank you

1 i would like a cheap restaurant	there are ten cheap restaurants in the city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine ?
2 i don t care	ask is a nice place that is in the cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 actually i d like one in south part of town is ask in the south ?	i m sorry but ask is not in the south part of town there are 2 restaurants in the south part of town and in the cheap price range would you like portuguese or chinese food ?
4 i have no preference please make a suggestion	nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at cambridge leisure park clifton way
5 okay that sounds good thank you for your help	your welcome thank you for calling

1 im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range	the royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the south would you like more information ?
2 does it serve bistro food ?	no i m sorry would you prefer a cheap bistro in the north or some other qualifications ?
3 i would settle for british i d prefer moderately priced actually and location doesn t matter	i would recommend cotto they serve british food and are moderately priced would you like their contact information ?
4 what is the phone number ?	cotto s phone number is 01223302010 is there anything i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that is all i need goodbye !	good bye thank you for contacting the cambridge restaurant system
6 goodbye	goodbye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food	there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants would you prefer a different cuisine or price range ?
2 a restaurant that serves british food will be fine	graffiti is an expensive restaurant that serves british food would you like their address or phone number ?
3 could you tell me the phone number of graffiti ?	the phone number is 01223 277977
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am searching for a lebanese restaurant in the east part of town	there are no lebanese restaurants in east do you have another food type you would be interested in ?
2 how about chinese food ? i would like to know the address phone number and postcode of the restaurant	yu garden is at 529 newmarket road fen ditton postcode c.b 5 8 pa the phone number is 01223 248882
3 is that in the east part of town ?	yes yu garden is in the east part of town
4 thank you good bye	thank you
5 that s all i need to know then goodbye	goodbye

1 looking for an expensive restaurant	there are quite a few diverse expensive restaurants all located in the centre area i recommend the backstreet bistro at 2 sturton street city centre
2 are there any in the east part of town ?	there are a few if you prefer british food there is the grafton hotel restaurant but if you want indian food there is one called pipasha restaurant
3 what is the phone number and post code of pipasha restaurant ?	phone number is 01223 577786 and postcode is c.b 5 8 pa
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for an eastern restaurant medium price	there are 3 restaurants available in the moderate price range in the east of town would you like to go to curry prince ?
2 yes please what is the address postcode and phone number ?	yes the curry prince is located at 451 new market road fen ditton with a postcode of cb58jj their telephone number is 01223566388
3 okay thank you can you tell me their hours of operation ?	i m sorry we do not have hours of operation in our database
4 ok then that s all i need thank you for your help	alright thank you for calling

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	i would recommend you curry prince an indian place in the east with moderate price range
2 is there anything else you would recommend ? can i have the address and type of food for it ?	would you prefer a different type of food ?
3 yes what other restaurants did you find ?	there are also pizza hut fen ditton which is italian and rajmahal which is indian
4 can i have the address of pizza hut fen ditton	the address of them is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton
5 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the east part of town ?	the best match to your request is the missing sock located at finders corner newmarket road
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is c.b 25 9 aq

1 can you find a moderately priced restaurant in the east side ?	i have 2 indian restaurants and 1 italian in the moderate price range on the east side is there a food type you prefer ?
2 i would like the one with the italian food can you see if i can book a table for 7 people at 14:30 on tuesday there please ?	i was unable to book a reservation at that time would you like to try another time ?
3 how about either of the indian restaurants in the same area and price range ?	sure there are three restaurants they are located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton 7 barnwell road fen ditton and cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditten
4 i would like to try the restaurant at 451 newmarket road fen ditton since it s close by can you try a booking please ?	booking was successful your reference number is 80s3hgan is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 that is all for today thank you	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves indian food located in the centre	sure there are several indian restaurants in the centre of town would you prefer something cheap or expensive ?
2 could you get me a table for sunday at someplace nice ? there will be 8 in my party and we d like to eat at 17:30	i ve successfully made a booking at curry garden ! this is your reservation number pcmh26uy how else may i assist you ?
3 that should do it for today thanks a lot have a good day	thank you and have a nice time at curry garden !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food	would you prefer the centre or west part of town ?
2 i don t care	bangkok city is in the centre area and is serving thai food is there anything i can help you with ?
3 are there any others ?	there s also sala thong in the west part of town they re located at 35 newnham road newnham and you can call them at 01223 323178
4 perfect thank you very much !	i hope you enjoy your thai food goodbye

1 i would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the east side of town please	there are five restaurants in the expensive price range and in the east part of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 i would like indian food please	sitar tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east part of town
3 is there anything else ?	pipasha restaurant is in the expensive category and serves indian food it is in the east part of town
4 what is there phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 577786 do you need their address also ?
5 no thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i m looking for a cheap place to dine that serves danish food	i did not find any results would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 i ve got my heart set on danish but we could go a bit more expensive i guess	i am sorry but there is no danish food available in cambridge what other food interests you ?
3 how about asian oriental food ?	the dojo noodle bar is asian oriental and cheap would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes for 2 people at 17:00 on thursday	your reservations were successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes on thursday at 17:00 for two your reference number is p62w5taa
5 thanks that is all i need today	enjoy your dinner thank you for contacting towninfo centre goodbye

1 i am looking for a french restaurant	there is one in the centre of town and one in the north area of town which one would you prefer ?
2 north part of town	restaurant two two is a french restaurant located in the north part of town but it is pricey would you like more information ?
3 yes what is the address of restaurant two two ?	the address is 22 chesterton road
4 thank you good bye	good bye

1 i would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves caribbean food	no records match your request i m sorry
2 how about modern european food ?	we have modern european in the centre area in several price ranges do you have a preference ?
3 the price range doesn t matter please suggest one to me	the river bar steakhouse and grill is good but cheap would you like their address or phone number ?
4 of course	their address is quayside off bridge street and their phone number is 01223 307030
5 thank you for your help that s all i need	you re welcome enjoy your dining experience

1 hi can you help me find an inexpensive restaurant on the west side of town ?	what type of food would you like ?
2 i would like indian food	i have nothing matching your request would you like to try another part of town or a different type of cuisine ?
3 any type of food just cheap in the west part of town	what about la margherita ? they serve italian
4 is there anything else ?	thanh binh is located in the west part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like their information ?
5 yes please give me their address and phone number	thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and its phone number is 01223315232 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thanks that s it	thank you and good bye

1 i am looking for the restaurant nandos	would you like the nandos in the south or centre ?
2 anywhere i would just like it to be nandos i would like to book a table	sure how many people will be dining on what day at one time ?
3 4 people friday 15:45 but 14:45 is also okay please give me the reference number	booking was successful for the 14:45 time the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : i915uv13 do you need anything else ?
4 no i think that covers it thanks so much for your help !	you re very welcome enjoy your meal goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range	there are two restaurants in the west part of town what type of food are you interested in ?
2 i don t care any type of food will be fine	there is prezzo which is italian at 21 - 24 northampton road phone number is 01799 521260

1 i want to find a place that serves australasian food	i m sorry but i m not showing any results for australasian food in our system
2 ok is there anything for modern european food ?	there are several restaurants serving modern european food do you have an area or price preference ?
3 i don t care	darrys cookhouse and wine shop might be one you would enjoy
4 sounds good what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 505015 would you like any additional information ?
5 no thank you goodbye !	good bye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food	is there any area you prefer !
2 no specific area	i have found no restaurants serving christmas food in the expensive price range would you like a different type of food ?
3 are there european types of restaurants ?	yes there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant eraina and michaelhouse cafe serve european food with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern european food
4 phone number and address of cambridge lodge restaurant please	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre their phone number is 01223 355166
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive australian place	i m sorry there are no australian places in cambridge would you like to try another cuisine type ?
2 how about on one that serves turkish food ?	yes the meze bar restaurant fits that description would you like me to book that for you ?
3 can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday ?	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look for another restaurant ?
4 yes,please and one that serves turkish food	sure i ve booked you at anatolia which also serves turkish food with reference number t70eay2i may i help with something else ?
5 no that should be everything i need	great have a great day !
6 you too ! thank you for your help	thank you for using our system !

1 a restaurant in the moderately priced range please	there is a lot of restaurants in the moderate priced range please tell me the area or the food you would like today
2 okay would it help to narrow it down to the west part of town ? i am having trouble deciding what i want to eat today	meghna is an italian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 phone number please	meghna s phone number is 01223 727410 is there anything else i can do for you tonight ?
4 thank you very much ! goodbye !	thank you and goodbye !

1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food	there are several british restaurants do you have a price range in mind ?
2 i have no preference can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?	cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 nope that ll do it thank you for your help	have a nice day ! thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves italian food	there are two restaurants that meet your requirements prezzo is in the moderate price range and la margherita is in the cheap range
2 can i get the address for prezzo please ?	the address for prezzo is 21 - 24 northampton road is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes i d like to reserve a table for 5 at 12:45 on monday please	of course i successfully booked you your reservation your reference number is a5fgtjtz
4 thank you that s all i need today !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town i would like the name and phone number	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east part of town and the phone number is 01223 241387
2 thanks goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the east and should serve swiss food	i don t have any restaurants that meet that criteria are you interested in something different ?
2 no i am only interested in a restaurant that serves swiss food and is in the east	i am sorry but there are no restaurants in the east that serve swiss food
3 how about international food ?	the missing sock will meet your needs need to book a reservation ?
4 no i just need the postcode	the post code is cb259aq is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no you have been very helpful thank you so much	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for cote restaurant	would you like a booking at cote ?
2 yes please i need a table for 5 at 12:15 saturday	i m sorry but the cote was not available to reserve at that time can i help you find another restaurant ?
3 is there another restaurant in the same area and price range available ?	yes i have 33 possible choices would you like them to serve the same type of food at the cote ?
4 yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on saturday	i can check for british food or african if you have a preference
5 which ever is open then thank you	i was able to book fitzbillies restaurant reference number is 4lxpuxo1
6 thanks so much !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

1 i need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town	the address for royal spice is victoria avenue chesterton and the post code is c.b 4 1 eh royal spice is in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town
2 than you	thank you goodbye

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves brazilian food	unfortunately there are no brazilian restaurants available is there a second food option you would like to try ?
2 is there any restaurants that have gastropub type of food ?	backstreet bistro is a gastropub located in the centre part of town and in the expensive price range
3 may i have their address and phone number please ?	backstreet bistro is located at 2 sturton street city centre and their phone number is 01223 306306
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	of course may i suggest meghna an indian restaurant ?
2 not really wanting indian today anything else ?	there is also an italian and british restaurant would you prefer one of these ?
3 could i have the address and phone number for the british restaurant ?	saint johns chop house serves british food is located in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 northampton street
4 and also postcode please	their postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

1 hello can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants that are in the cheap price range and in the south part of town would you like portuguese or chinese food ?
2 chinese food	the lucky star is chinese would you like the phone number ?
3 no just the address please	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and enjoy your meal !

1 caribbean food in the east part of town if no such place indian	i couldn t find any caribbean restaurants in the east part of town i will search for indian restaurants next
2 great ! did you find any indian restaurants in the east part of town ?	yes there are four options two are moderately priced and two are expensive do you have a preferred price range ?
3 no	the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like more information for them ?
4 yes i d like the address and phone number please	the address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton the phone number is 01223 566388
5 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

1 i m looking to have some european food tonight for dinner something very traditional in the centre of town should be good can i get a list of options ?	there are 8 restaurants eraina michaelhouse cafe hotel du vin and bistro galleria de luca cucina and bar riverside brasserie darrys cookhouse and wine shop the river bar steakhouse and grill
2 please provide postcode and address for eraina	the postcode is cb23rh and address is free school lane city centre is there anything else i can help with ?
3 no that s it goodbye !	i m glad i could help have a nice day good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food	in what area of town would you like to eat ?
2 in the centre of town please i am looking to stay in the expensive price range	great there are 6 restaurants that meet your criteria i would suggest curry garden can i book it for you ?
3 yes could you please book it for 6 people at 14:30 on tuesday ?	your table is reserved ref# uqony6cj is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 that would be all thank you very much	okay you are welcome have a nice day !

1 i m needing a place to dine it needs to be an expensive brazilian place	unfortunately i don t happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type ?
2 british food then	we have six do you have an area preference ? graffiti on the west side is popular
3 all right i ll try that i need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on thursday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : p15gvv9v is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that was all i needed thanks so much goodbye !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

1 i would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range	there are 33 restaurants in the centre that are in the expensive price range what type of food would you like ?
2 i am interested in indian food please	there are six restaurants that match that description can recommend one of them for you ?
3 yes please do	the curry garden serves expensive indian food in the centre of town
4 great can i get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on sunday ?	sorry there is no table available then would you like to try another time slot ?
5 i think i d rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time actually you mentioned there are several others ?	yes there s the goden curry saffron brasserie panahar and curry king
6 great ! can i have the goden curry ?	sure when would you like to make a reservation ?
7 12:30 on sunday there will be 8 of us	i apologize i have checked all of the restaurants in the area and none of them can accommodate 8 guests at 12:30 on sunday would a different day or time suffice ?
8 i guess i could try 11:30	reservation booked with the curry garden for sunday at 11:30am for 8 people your reservation will be held for 15 minutes reference number is 6grfmvdj
9 thank you so much	you re welcome anything else i can help with today ?
10 no i am all set bye	thank you have a nice day goodbye

1 i m looking for an italian restaurant in the east	there is pizza hut fen ditton it s moderately priced would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please 1 person at 16:45 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 37mp7ucy is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that was all thanks !	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food that s not too expensive or too cheap	galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town
2 great that would be perfect for me can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant ?	i could book that for you if you let me know when you d like to dine there and how many people will be joining you
3 actually i don t need booking i just need the postcode address and phone number	certainly galleria postcode cb21uw address 33 bridge street and phone number 01223362054
4 that is all i needed thank you goodbye	glad i could be of assistance have a great day good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north	okay i have pulled up two matches an indian restaurant and an italian restaurant
2 what is the name and location of the italian restaurant in the north ?	da vinci pizza 20 milon road chesterton what else may i help you with ?
3 that s all thanks	you re very welcome ! have fun !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town what is the address and postcode ?	the missing sock fits your criteria it is on finders corner newmarket road postode isc.b 25 9 a.q
2 thank you goodbye	thank you

1 don t care about price just looking for thai food	there is bangkok city which serves thai food is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 what is the address and phone number ?	the phone number for bangkok city is 01223 354382 and the address is 24 green street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 i m looking for the information on a restaurant named rajmahal could you provide me their info ?	sure their phone is 01223244955 postcode cb58rg and address is 7 barnwell road fen ditton is there anything else i can help with ?
2 can you book a table for 7 at 17:15 this saturday ?	yes i have you booked for 7 people and your reference number is 1u0tf4xa
3 wonderful thanks that s all i need	you re welcome have a great day !

1 i am looking for expensive corsica food	there are no expensive corsica eateries would you like to try another criteria ?
2 how about indian food instead ?	yes there are quite a few expensive indian restaurants what part of town would you prefer ?
3 how about the west ? could you give me their postcode and telephone number ?	i have five indian restaurants in the west may i suggest tandoori palace ?
4 that will be fine as long as it s expensive can you tell me the postcode and phone number ?	the postcode for tandoori palace is cb43le and the phone number is 01223506055 would you like me to book you a table ?
5 no i don t need anything else at the moment	thank you and goodbye

1 could you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant ?	there are two restaurants one located in the north area and centre area which one would you prefer ?
2 let s go with the centre i need a reservation for 2 at 13:30 on thursday	i am sorry there are no tables available,can i help you find another place to eat ?
3 i need a different restaurant in the same area and price range please	i could try little seoul which is korean or possibly hk fusion chinese if you want would you like me to ?
4 does the hk fusion chinese restaurant have availability on thursday at 13:30 ?	yes there is availability i made a reservation for thursday at 13:30 for 2 the reference number is cbz1wprf is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that is all thanks bye	have a great day ! thank you for using our service

1 i would like to find the best most expensive restaurant in the south part of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant in the south part of town an has an expensive price range
3 could you please give me the address and phone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and can be reached at 01223 400170
4 thanks bye bye	you are welcome bye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town please	pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like more information for them ?
2 yes may i have th phone number and address please ?	it s phone number is 01223 323737 and its address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
3 thank you ! have a nice day !	thank you and good bye

1 i am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range	i have about 5 restaurants in that area what kind of food would you like them to serve ?
2 surprise me i just need the booking for 8 people monday at 18:00 please provide me with a reference number for this booking	i can make a reservation at saigon city for 8 people on monday evening the reference number is eckx7ysf is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 thank you so much ! that s all i needed	you are very welcome would you like the address for the restaurant ?
4 no thank you have a great day !	you have a great day as well !

1 i need a place to eat in the north area of the city	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	what price range are you looking for ?
3 in the moderate price range	golden wok serves chinese food is located in the north part of the city and in the moderate price range
4 what is the phone number and address ?	the golden wok s phone number is 01223 350688 and they are located at 191 histon road chesterton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 can you find me a chinese restaurant with moderate prices ?	you have your choice of the jinling noodle bar lan hong house shanghai family restaurant or the golden wok
2 which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town ?	jinling noodle bar lan hong house and shanghai family restaurant are all in the centre of town
3 thanks ! can i have the address phone number and postcode for jinling noodle bar please ?	sure.the address is 11 peas hill city centre postcode cb23pp and the phone number is 01223566188 can i book a table for you ?
4 no thanks that s not necessary i think i have all i need have a good night	thank you have a good night goodbye

1 yes i am looking for a restaurant in the area it should serve spanish food and it should also be in the more expensive price range can you possibly help me ?	i haven t found anything matching what you re looking for
2 how about a chinese restaurant then ?	yes i have listings for many of them,what area are you looking to eat in ?
3 area does not matter	the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south would you like me to book it ?

1 i m looking for a north african restaurant	i m sorry but it looks like i don t happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine ? can i help you with a different type ?
2 how about something in the expensive price range instead ?	sure there are 57 expensive restaurants in town is there an area of town you d prefer ?
3 i would prefer something near the centre please	there are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria may i interest you in african cuisine since you originally asked for north african restaurant ?
4 no i think i d like an expensive french restaurant instead	cote is an expensive french restaurant in the center of town would you like a table there or possibly their address ?
5 yes please can you book it for friday at 19:45 ? there will be 8 of us	ok you have a table for 8 at cote onfriday night your reference number is zwi39rv9 can i help you with anything else today ?
6 no that s everything thank you ! goodbye	you are welcome have a great day

1 can you find me a corsica restaurant ?	i m sorry i can t find any place with corsica food do you have a second choice ?
2 yes a restaurant serving british food would be good	there are 11 restaurants that serve british food do you have an area or price range preference ?
3 i do not care about the price range and would just like one in the west part of town	graffiti is an expensive british restaurant in the west would you like more information ?
4 i d like their address and phone number please	the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223 277977 can i find any further information for you ?
5 what is the price range ?	it is expensive
6 that you that s all i need to know	thank you have a good day !

1 a french restaurant in the centre part of town please give me address and phone number	cote can be reached at 01223311053 and is at bridge street city centre do you require any additional information ?
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town	we have nine expensive dining establishments on the west side cuisines offered are thai indian european and british do you have a preference ?
2 no i don t have a preference i want to book for four people at 15:00 on saturday	okay i booked a table for 4 at 15:00 on saturday at the graffiti an expensive british restaurant in the west area of town
3 thank you can you please give me the reference number ?	the reference number is 5whdpghw is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no that will be all thank you so much for all of your help !	excellent have a good rest of your day !

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town	the cambridge lodge restaurant is in the cheap price range and in the west part of town
2 what its phone number ?	i cannot find that information
3 can you give me the phone number of a different cheap restaurant in the west part of town ?	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range the phone number is 01223 362456
4 thank you ! goodbye	have a good evening

1 i am looking for a danish restaurant in the south part of town	unfortunately there are no danish restaurants listed in the south part of town would you like something else ?
2 yes please look for portuguese food can i get the phone number and address ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the cheap price range located in the south part of town the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve lebanese food	there is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town called ali baba would you like their address ?
2 could you give me just the phone number and postcode please ?	sure the phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is cb21nt is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	you are welcome is there anything else we can help you with today ?
4 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	what kind of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	i would recommend the da vinci pizzeria they are located at 20 milton road chesterton
3 what is the phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria s phone number is 01223 351707 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the address ?	the address of da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton
5 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve italian food
6 thank you ! goodbye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant that serves venetian food i d like to stay in the west part of town can you find me a phone number ?	i apologize there are no restaurants that serve venetian food in the west part of town would you like to try a different part of town ?
2 that s okay ! how about indian food ? could i have the address and phone number of an indian food restaurant please	cocum is an indian restaurant located at 71 castle street city centre and it s phone number is 01223 366668
3 is it in the west part of town ?	yes it is in the west part of town
4 awesome thank you ! that s all i needed to know have a good evening	you re quite welcome good bye

1 are there any indian restaurants there ?	yes there are 22 what area would you like to dine in ?
2 i want to dine in the west	which price range do you want ? i have expensive and moderate
3 i would prefer moderate price range	i have found one can i make a booking for you ?
4 no i just need to know the postcode	the restaurant is called meghna the postcode is cb43lf the address is 205 victoria road chesterton anything else ?
5 got everything thanks goodbye	thanks for using our services

1 i m looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range	okay do you want to dine in a specific area ?
2 i am looking in the centre of town	we have 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town two are in market hill city centre shall i just pick one for you ?
3 yes surprise me please ! it s for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday	booking was successful at don pasquale pizzeria the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : oyesls03 can i help with anything else ?
4 no thank you so much ! have a nice day	you are welcome have a nice day as well good bye

1 hi i am looking for international food hopefully someplace moderately priced	the center of town offers two: the varsity restaurant and the bloomsbury restaurant
2 great thank you for all your help	was that all you needed today ?
3 yep ! thanks - i m all done	let me know if you need any more info
4 thank you for your help that s all i needed	thank you for calling goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to eat i want expensive malaysian food can you help ?	i m sorry but there aren t any malaysian places of any price in town would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 well i need it to be in the south of town	on the south end in the expensive price range we have mexican italian indian and chinese foods to choose from do any of these sound good ?
3 chinese sounds good can you give me any suggestions ?	yes i would recommend the peking restaurant located at 10 homerton street city centre could i reserve a table for you ?
4 sounds great make a reservation for 4 on friday at 11:00	that time slot is not available would you like to try another time
5 how about !0:00 instead is that available friday ?	i believe you meant 10:00 so i went ahead and made the reservation for that time the reference number is hrplz9aq
6 thanks that s all i need	you re welcome ! enjoy your meal !

1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called the hotpot	absolutely the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is vwtx9t8t thank you !

1 i d like a resturant in the centre of town that serves canapes food	unfortunately i don t have any available listings that fit that type would you like me to try another type of cuisine or area of town ?
2 maybe take another look ? i need an expensive canapes restaurant in the centre	i m sorry i could not find any restaurants fitting that description would you like to suggest another cuisine or location ?
3 that s okay let s try european food instead with the other details the same	i have two available the eraina and michaelhouse cafe can i assist you in booking a table at either of these ?
4 can you just give me the postcode of eraina ?	sure the postcode is cb23rh can i be of further service today ?
5 you ve been more than helpful thanks but thats all i need have a good night	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 hi ! can you help me find a particular restaurant ?	of course there are 110 restaurants in town would you like me to search by restaurant name ?
2 yes i am looking for the varsity restaurant	the varsity restaurant serves international food in the center of town do you want me to book it for you ?
3 yes can i get a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15 ?	yes i will book a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15
4 excellent i ll need the reference number	unfortunately they are filled up for that time would you like me to reserve another time or would you like to choose another restaurant

1 i am looking for a moderate priced chinese food place	yes there are 4 chinese restaurants that are moderately priced 3 in centre and one in north
2 i need one in the centre doesn t matter which	would you like me to make you a reservation at the jinling noodle bar ?
3 yes please i will need it at 20:00 on saturday for 8 people thank you	booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant ?

1 i want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food what is the address and phone number ?	there is an asian oriental place at 40428 king street city centre you can call them at 01223 518111
2 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

1 i need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre can you help me please ?	i d love to help we have 33 expensive restaurants do you have a cuisine you d prefer ?
2 yes i m looking for gastropub food	i have found the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce which one would you like more information on ?
3 do anything of them serve gastropub food ?	yes both are in the expensive price range
4 any one will be fine i need the reference number please after its booked	can i have the munber in your party and the day and time you would like to book ?
5 i want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on a tuesday please	okay i was able to book you then at the slug and lettuce and your reference number is fsof58oo
6 that is great ! thank you for all your help	great ! here is the address 34 - 35 green street
7 thank you so much that is all i need	thank you for calling and have a great day

1 i m looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok	golden wok is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the north part of cambridge would you like more information ?
2 could you book me a table for 5 on saturday at 12:00 ?	a table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes the reference number is 67ii8018 may i help you with anything else ?
3 that is all thank you !	thank you for using our system !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food and is in the expensive price range	bangkok city is a recommended thai restaurant in the centre
2 what is the address and phone number ?	bangkok city is at 24 green street city centre and the phone number is 01223 354382 can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you good bye	thank you for using our system goodbye
4 no further assistance needed goodbye	thank you

1 i am looking for a cheap place to have a meal	sure do you want to eat at a specific location or have a type of food you like ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter to me but i would like the restaurant to be in the north	okay there is indian and italian food which do you prefer ?
3 italian sounds good i need a reservation for thursday at 16:15 please	how many will be in your party ?
4 i need a table for 3 people	you have a table at da vinci pizzeria the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : bsajgsj8 do you need anything else today ?
5 that is all for now thank you	thank you have a good day goodbye

1 i need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food	the cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food their address is corn exchange street in the centre area
2 thank you	you re welcome bye

1 i d like to find a restaurant that serves chinese food in the south please	there are 3 restaurants in the south part of town that serve chinese food would you like more information on one of them ?
2 yes i would prefer an expensive one please	i have two that would be on the expensive side the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant can i reserve a table for you at either of these ?
3 no not yet thanks could you give me the address/postcode for peking restaurant ?	the address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre and its postcode is cb28nx
4 alright sounds good	is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all thanks !	you re welcome have a great day ! goodbye

1 hi i need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range what do you have that you can suggest ?	we have 21 of those including those serving british food and many other types can you narrow it down some ?
2 sure can you try to find a british restaurant ?	cotto is very good can i reserve a table for you ?
3 that sounds great i need a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on wednesday	i was able to make a reservation for 6 people at cotto on wednesday at 14:45 your reference number is rx6xp8kp
4 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	please contact us anytime good bye

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called travellers rest	it is an expensive british restaurant on the west side of town would you like the address ?
2 yes and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on monday please	ok you re all set for monday at 14:15 have a great day

1 i want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town what is the address and phone number ?	i have found two that may work first la margherita is at 15 magdalene street city centre phone is 01223 315232 second one serves vietnamese at 17 magdalene street city centre number is 01223 362456
2 is there anything else if so give me their address and phone number	those are the only listings in the west part of town would you like to change your location or price range ?
3 no thank you	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s fine thank you !	thank you very much for using the cambridge restaurant system

1 i want something in the north part of town moderately priced	what kind of food would you like ?
2 any type of food will be fine as long as it s moderately priced and in the north part of town	golden wok is located in the north part of town is moderately priced and serves chinese food
3 i ve actually had a bad experience at the gold wok is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north ?	would you instead be interested in the nirala which serves indian food ?
4 sounds good what is the postcode and phone number ?	the post code and phone number for the nirala is c.b 4 1 u.y and phone is 01223 360966
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i want a place with austrian food	i m sorry i don t have a restaurant that serves austrian food do you have a second choice ?
2 ok how about a place with spanish food ?	there is la raza a cheap spanish restaurant located at 4 - 6 rose crescent there is also la tasca a moderately priced spanish restaurant located at 14 -16 bridge street
3 thanks for your help ! goodbye	thank you for using our system goodbye

1 hi can you look up darrys cookhouse and wine shop for me ?	i sure can ! darry s cookhouse is an expensive modern european restaurant in the center of town they are located at 40270 king street city centre can i make you a reservation by chance ?
2 that s it can you make a reservation for me ? there are 5 of us and we would like to reserve sunday at 11:45 if possible	reservation made the reference number is fiqy6rr9
3 thank you for the helpful information !	no problem at all what else can i do for you ?
4 that is all thanks have a nice day bye !	you as well ! goodbye !

1 i d like to get moderately-priced polynesian food	sorry but there aren t any restaurants of that type would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center ?	no i m sorry there isn t anything fitting those details can we try a different area or type of food ?
3 how about british food ?	i have 5 moderately priced british restaurants in the centre but i do not have any cheap ones would you like me to book one of these ?
4 no thank you can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address ?	the cotto is a great choice their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 east road city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 as long as they serve british cuisine and moderately priced that sounds great thanks for your help	they are indeed is there anything else you need today ?
6 no that s everything thank you !	thank you for contacting us and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please	there are over 20 options that fit that criteria do you have a specific food type in mind ?
2 not really...but i do need to make a reservation for 3 on tuesday at 3:45 in the afternoon ?	there are five options that are in centre part of town

1 i m looking for a british restaurant on the west side	there are 3 restaurants that meet your criteria is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with ? there are two expensive ones and one moderate priced one
2 could you recommend one of the expensive ones ?	graffiti is on the west side of town serves a wonderful british menu and falls in the expensive price range would you like to reserve a table ?
3 yes i need a booking for thursday at 17:00 for 8 people	booking was successful can i get you anything else then ?
4 yes i need the reference number please	the reference number is zf7xhmyx
5 excellent that is everything !	great have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town	the golden wok is in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range
2 no i am not interested in the golden wok is there anything else ?	the nirala is also located in the north and moderately priced it serves indian food
3 great ! can i have the phone number and postcode please ?	the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton its phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is cb41uy is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all i needed thank you	thank you for using this system and please call us again goodbye
5 bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant sytem good bye

1 hi i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant	de luca cucina and bar is a modern european restaurant in the centre
2 i need something that s in the east part of town	curry prince is moderately priced and located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton 01223 566388
3 what is the phone number ?	curry prince s phone number is 01223 566388 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed bye bye !	you re welcome have a good evening

1 i want turkish food	i find 3 restaurants matching your request
2 is there anything else ?	you re looking for turkish food correct ?
3 yes are any of those restaurants in the centre of town ?	yes there are three restaurants serving turkish food in the center of town
4 what is the price range ?	anatolia and efes restaurant are moderately priced while meze bar restaurant is expensive
5 what is the address ?	the address for which restaurant ?
6 address for anatolia please	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 that s all i need thanks	you re welcome and thank you for using this system goodbye

1 i want something cheap in the west part of town	what type of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	the is the la margherita for italian food and the thanh binh for vietnamese food would you like the addresses ?
3 i would like the phone number and address for la margherita please	la margherita s address is 15 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223 315232 is there any additional info i can help you find ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our service have a great day !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves portuguese food	nandos city centre serves portuguese food they are in the centre of town and are in the cheap price range
2 what is their address ?	nandos city centre is at 33-34 saint andrews street
3 thank you so much !	you re welcome goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat	okay i need some more information do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go ?
2 i am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers the americas food	sorry i couldn t find anything
3 where else could ypou suppose i get american food	i m not sure nothing is coming up for that type of food would you like to try a different cuisine ?
4 how about italian ? i love pasta	i have found a few italian restaurants located in the centre area of town what price range are you looking for ?
5 it doesn t matter really but i want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on wednesday so whichever one could accommodate that works for me	great i have you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar at 18:15 and the reference number is zm5sfsmh is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you that was all i needed have a great day	the location is at market hill city centre cb23nj the phone number is 01223352607 is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 there seems to be an error thanks for booking the italian restaurant that is all i needed	just want to confirm do you need any further assistance ?
8 no that was everything thanks	thank you for using our services

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	what food type are you looking for ?
2 i don t care what type of food it is	there is da vinci pizzeria and royal spice both are in the north area and in the cheap price range
3 what are their phone numbers ?	da vinci pizzeria is at 01223 351707 and royal spice is at 01733 553355
4 thank you good bye	thanks

1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called rice boat	yes indian food ! very good would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 no thanks but could i get the price range and the postcode please ?	the price is in the expensive range and the postcode is cb39ey

1 i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food	that would be the royal standard at 280 mill road city centre they can be reached at 01223247877
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye !

1 yes can you tell me something about the cow pizza kitchen and bar ?	yes sure i can tell you it serves gastropub food fare and is located at corn exchange street and their telephone number is 01223308871 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 no thank you that s all i need	thank you for using our system !

1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the expensive price range	certainly there are several expensive italian restaurants would you prefer the centre or south of town ?
2 can we do the centre of town ?	stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the centre of town
3 phone number and postcode please	the phone number is 01223352607 and postcode is cb23nj
4 thank you that s all i need today you ve been a great help - goodbye !	thank you for choosing the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

1 could you help me find a moderate priced restaurant in the centre ?	certainly ! however there are no moderately priced restaurants in the town centre would you like to try a different area or price range ?
2 is there anything cheap in the town centre ?	i m sorry there are no cheap restaurants n that area would you like to change your price range or area ?
3 i really need it to be in the moderate price range there s really nothing in the city centre ? any cuisine will do	i m sorry we must have had technical difficulties we actually do have 21 restaurants in the centre of town that are moderately priced do you have a certain cuisine in mind ?
4 please surprise me	okay cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range would you like me to book it for you ?
5 can i have their phone number and address please ?	the phone number for the cotto is 0122302010.the address us 183 east road city centre anything else ?
6 no i think i have everything i need thanks bye	thank you have a good day goodbye

1 hello i m looking for an expensive indian restaurant	what area would you like to dine in ?
2 area doesn t matter can you pick one to recommend ?	if you d like to eat in the city center i recommend the curry garden their phone is 01223302330 can i book you a table ?
3 yes can you please book a table for 1 for 17:15 on thursday could i have the reference number please ?	booking was successful your table will be reserved for minutes and your reference number is j37kc1pb anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks all i need thanks !	you re welcome and if you need anything else feel free to contact us

1 hi i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city	i have 2 restaurants on the south side that are cheap one serves chinese and the portuguese would you like to book one ?
2 let s try the portuguese restaurant i need a reservation for monday at 14:30 for 3 people please	i am sorry the portuguese restarauant nandos is completely booked at that time should i try the chinese restaurant instead ?
3 do you have any other restaurants in the area in the same price range ?	the lucky star is in south part of town and is available.would you like the address ?

1 i need to find a restaurant in anatolia	okay anatolia is a turkish restaurant located in the centre is this what you re looking for ?
2 yes i need a reservation for 8 people please	i can make a reservation for 8 people for monday at 17:45 is that okay or would you like another day ?
3 i need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday if that doesn t work i can also do tuesday i will also need a reference number	reservations for friday at 13:00 your reference number is 0uaywi5z is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no that was it thank you	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for a casual sri lankan restaurant	hi ! sorry there are no sri lankan restaurants in the area can i do anything else for you ?
2 what about european ?	there are 11 european restaurants do you have any preferences on location or price range ?
3 i need one in the moderate price range	i was able to find 5 for you 3 serve modern european and the other 2 serve european do you have a preference ?
4 i don t have a preference surprise me	how about galleria ? it serves classic european cuisine would you like me to book you a table ?
5 that sounds good do they have a table for 8 people at 18:15 on saturday evening ? if yes please book and send the reference number	i m sorry the galleria is not available shall i try another then ?
6 yes please i need it to be in the same area and moderate price range	i was able to book a table for you at hotel du vin and bistro it s a moderately priced classic european restaurant your reference number is h7lu2ipf
7 great thanks i m all through here you ve been a great help	i m glad to have been of help thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

1 can you find me a cheap spanish restaurant ?	there are two spanish restaurants in total what price range do you want ?
2 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	la raza is a spanish restaurant in the cheap price range and in the centre part of town
3 can you please give me the address ?	the address is 4 - 6 rose crescent can i help you with anything else ?
4 what is the area ?	la raza s area is in the centre part of town
5 thank you good bye	thanks for using this system and enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town	the city stop restaurant is in the north part of town the golden wok is also located in the north part of town
2 i want a restaurant that is moderately priced	golden wok is located in the north part of town and is moderately priced
3 what is their address and phone number ?	the address for golden wok is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre ?	sure ! there are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre is there a certain type of food you re looking for ?
2 oh yes ! italian please	i can recommend ask restaurant would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 no let s try italian on the cheap side located in the centre book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45 please	i was able to book your party at ask your reservation will hold for 15 minutes is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 could i get the reference number please ?	reference number is : v0pvdpbc need anything else ?
5 no thank you ! goodbye	you re welcome and have a great day !

1 i m looking for cheap eats in the centre	yes i have many chinese and asian restaurants as well as spanish portuguese and indian cuisines matching your price requirements any preference ?
2 i am interested in chinese food	i found three chinese restaurants in the centre: charlie chan rice house and golden house would you like me to book you a table ?
3 yes please ! can i have a table for 1 at charlie chan on sunday at 14:15 ?	sure thing your reference number is d3a1xjl7 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no you ve been very helpful have a good day	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i m looking for scandinavian food in any area	i am not able to locate a scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice ?
2 yes could you look for a vietnamese restaurant ?	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range
3 that will work i would like the address and phone number to the thanh binh restaurant please	their phone number is 01223 362456 how else may i assist you ?
4 i need the address too please	the address for thanh binh is 17 magdalene street city centre is ther anything else i can help you with ?
5 that s it thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the centre ?	you have your choice of pizza hut city centre stazione restaurant and coffee bar pizza express ask or zizzi cambridge
2 are any of them in the cheap price range ?	pizza hut ask and zizzi all appear to be in the cheap price range would you like me to book one ?
3 which one would you recommend ?	i recommend ask do you want me to book it for you ? what day and time do you want to eat ?
4 as long as it s in the same area and price range i guess i can try it please book it for 6 people at 17:15 on wednesday	i m sorry a table was not available would you like to try another restaurant ?
5 another same area and price range please	zizi cambridge is available it is also a cheap italian restaurant in the centre your reservation is for wednesday at 17:15 for 6 people your reference number is crw6r09z
6 great thank you for your help that s all i needed today	have a great day !

1 i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves hungarian food	i am sorry there are no restaurants that meet your requests would you like to change your price range or food type ?
2 oh okay well i guess i would like to find a restaurant that serves modern european food is there such a place available ?	there are two restaurants in the centre area and one in the south part of town do you have a preference ?
3 no i do not	i would recommend riverside brasserie located at doubletree by hilton cambridge granta place mill lane can i make a reservation for you ?
4 sure please i need a table at 14:45 for 1 person on saturday	your table at riverside brasserie is booked one person at 14:45 on saturday your booking reference is uzd82ifv can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that would be it thanks have a nice day	alright thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for the price range of a restaurant called rice boat	rice boat is in the expensive price range can i help you with something else ?
2 no that is all i needed thanks bye	great ! have a nice day !

1 i am looking for a japanese restaurant in the centre of town	there is a japanese restaurant called wagamama in the centre of town
2 what is the address and phone number ?	their address is 36 saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223 462354
3 goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves spanish food what is available ?	i found two in the centre part of town they are the la raza and the la tasca
2 is there anything else ? if not could i get the number to la tasca please ?	the phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that ll be all thanks for you help	your welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant	what type of food would you like ?
2 turkish food	i have two restaurants in the centre area of town would you like the information for both ?
3 yes please give me the one turkish food restaurant s phone number and address please	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre phone number is 01223 362372
4 thank you	thank you

1 i am looking for an expensive french restaurant	there are two restaurants that fulfill your inquiry cote in the center and restaurant two two in the north would you like more information on either ?
2 can i get the address of one place ?	cote is located at bridge street city centre
3 that s it thank you goodbye	you are welcome and thank-you

1 i m looking for a high end restaurant in the centre can you help me out ?	i have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria is there a certain type of food you are looking for ?
2 i want one that serves light bites	i am sorry but not results came up with your criteria would you like to try something else ?
3 what about one that has italian food ?	i have 4 restaurants that come up based on that criteria would you like more information about them ?
4 that s okay i ll just pick the first one can you make a reservation for 2 at 15:30 this monday ?	i apologize booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another restaurant ?
5 yes please try another one of the 4 restaurants you found	you are booked into the clowns cafe at 54 king street city centre your reference number is i0epbdj4 may i help you with anything else ?
6 thanks so much for your help	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town	okay sure is there a certain part of town you re interested in visiting ?
2 yes as i already mentioned i want a place in the center of town i d also like to have chinese food please	there are 3 chinese restaurants in the centre of town and they re all in the moderate price range if you like i can book you a table at one of these ?
3 sure ! can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on thursday ?	i made a reservation for one at the lan hong house your reference number is 5txc1hgx would you like their address or phone number ?
4 no the reference number is all i need i will find it thanks !	okay great ! is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no that s it ! thanks for your help !	awesome have a great day !

1 a cheap jamaican restaurant please if you cannot find one then mediterranean	there are no jamaican restaurants listed i will look for mediterranean
2 okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place ?	the gardenia is located in the centre at postcode c.b 2 3 l.l and can be reached at 01223 356354 can i get anything else for you ?
3 thank you	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town i would like to know the type of food address and phone number	first we have golden wok at 191 histon road chesterton c.b 4 3.h l it is chinese and it s phone number is 01223350688 next we have an indian restaurant at 7 milton road chesterton c.b 4 1uy it is called the nirala
2 do you have the phone number for nirala ?	the nirala s phone number is 01223 360966
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome i hope you enjoy your meal at the nirala

1 i m looking for an expensive vietnamese place to eat can you help me find one ?	it doesn t look like there are any expensive vietnamese restaurants would you like me to look for a different cuisine type or price range ?
2 are there any british food joints ?	graffiti is in the west part of town in the expensive price range would you like to book that ?
3 yes please book a table for 6 on thursday	what time shall we make that booking for ?
4 make it for 11:15 and please give me a reference number	alright your table for 6 has been booked for graffiti for thursday at 11:15 is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 yes can i please have the reference number as well for the booking ?	of course the reference number is 1jr8k2op may i assist you with anything else ?
6 no that is all thank you very much	you are very welcome please feel free to contact us in the future have a great day

1 can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	i found two restaurants would you prefer chinese or indian food ?
2 i do not care what kind of food	there are two restaurants in the moderate price range and north area there is golden wok and there is the nirala
3 what is the address and phone number of the golden wok ?	the golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system please call again ! goodbye

1 looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre	i have many excellent options available do you have a cuisine preference i should i recommend one ?
2 no i don t have a cuisine preference i just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday	great i booked you at the yippee noodle bar and your reference number is ne9y6864
3 that sounds great thank you goodbye	you re welcome i appreciate your using the towninfo centre goodbye

1 can i get the address and cuisine type of a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town ?	the curry prince is in the east part of town and in the moderatre price range the address for the curry prince is 451 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 what type of food do they serve ?	the curry prince serve s indian food may i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	your welcome have a good day

1 i would like to find the anatolia restaurant please	i have that place here the adress is 30 bridge street city centre postcode cb21uj
2 what is the price range ?	it is in the moderate price range would you like a reservation ?
3 no i m all set thanks ! bye !	have a wonderful day

1 i d like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town	i have 5 results matching your request are you looking for a particular type of food to eat ?
2 i want indian please	sure i have the taj tandoori in that price range would you like a telephone number or a booking ?
3 that would be great ! could i also receive the address and post code with that ?	taj tandoori is located at 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton postcode cb17aa the phone number is 01223412299 did you want to make a reservation ?
4 no thanks i ll take care of that i m all set today - thanks for your help !	thank you for using our system

1 where can i find portuguese food ?	i found two portuguese restaurants would you prefer the south or centre part of town ?
2 any area	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town
3 what is the address ?	nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you	thank you

1 i am looking for a cheap asian oriental restaurant	great ! there are 2 cheap asian oriental restaurants in the city centre would you like me to book you a reservation at one of them ?
2 yes i need a reservation for 2 people saturday night at 6:00pm	i am sorry but there is not a table available at that time would you like to try a different restaurant ?
3 i m sorry i was actually looking for a reservation for monday at 6:15 are there any tables available at that time ?	i have you at j restaurant 16:15 reference number is : enozr5ha anything else ?
4 great thank you for your help	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 yes i actually need a table for 6 people not 2 @ 18:15 on monday	okay i have amended that reservation and your reference number is nmjit3av
6 thank you so much and i apologize for the confusion on my part that is all i need for now bye	okay no worries enjoy your dinner !

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	what kind of food do you want ? italian or modern european ?
2 i do not care	there are two restaurants: pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum
3 is there anything else available ?	no there are only 2 restaurants in the area is there anything else i can help with ?
4 give me the address and postcode of any of them please	the phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
5 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
6 that s great thank you so much	you re very welcome

1 hi i want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town	there are two indian restaurants and one italian restaurant which food type would you prefer ?
2 one that serves italian food	that would be the pizza hut fen ditton at cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton would you like a reservation ?
3 yes any one of them would be find a table for 4 at 13:30 on tuesday please	it is not open then perhaps another day place or time ?
4 no i really need it for that time and area maybe the indian restaurant if it is in the same price range ?	yes i was able to book a table for 4 at curry prince for tuesday at 13:30 reference number is 34fphm6m is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that should be all	thank you for using our system today !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves vietnamese food i don t care about the price range	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west part of town would you like their location ?
2 yes what is their address and phone number ?	its address is 17 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 362456
3 thank you !	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west	there are few expensive restaurants in the west what type of cuisine do you want ?
2 i would like to eat european food please	there is one option it s cambridge lodge restaurant do you want to book a table ?
3 i m not ready to book yet can you just give me the phone number postcode and address ?	sure the phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre postcode cb30dq
4 thank you so much that is all i needed for now	you are welcome have a nice day !

1 i am looking for a cheap gastropub restaurant in the centre of town	i was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements
2 how about something in the south and moderate price range ?	i m still not finding anything would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type ?
3 sure let s try chinese food	there are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town: charlie chan rice house or golden house would you like me to book any of these ?
4 i ll take rice house what s the postcode ?	it s cb12bd anything else i can get you ?
5 that s all thank you	you re welcome have a great day !

1 can you help me find a restaurant called little seoul ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre
2 thanks will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 16:00 on monday there ?	i ve made your reservation for 4 on monday at 16:00 your reference number is pcu46v3w can i help with anything else ?
3 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services

1 i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant that meets your criteria would you like their location ?
2 west part of town	meghna is located in the west part of town
3 can you please let me know the address ?	the address is 205 victoria road chesterton
4 are there any other moderately price restaurants in the west part of town ? can i get the address for another one ?	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town it is located at 21-24 northampton road
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 hi ! i d like to find an expensive indian restaurant to dine at	curry garden is an indian restaurant in the expensive price range
2 is curry garden in the centre ?	yes it is would you like me to make a reservation for you there ?
3 i m not looking for a reservation at the moment can i just get the phone number postcode and address ? thanks !	certainly the phone number for curry garden is 01223302330 the postcode is cb21dp and the address is 106 regent street city centre may i assist you with anything else today ?
4 no that s all i need thanks for your help	thank you for using this system !

1 i am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it ?	sure ! their address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road and their phone number is 01223400170
2 please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on tuesday	i am sorry but the restaurant is fully booked do you want to try another restaurant ?
3 is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range ?	i m sorry that s the only restaurant in that price range

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town please	the only cheap restaurant in the east part of tow is the missing sock
2 address and phone number please	the address for the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road and the phone number is 01223 812660
3 thank you good bye	thank you for calling goodbye
4 thanks so much bye bye	have a nice day

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	there are 2 cheap restaurants in the north part of town do you prefer italian or indian food ?
2 i do not have a preference	the two restaurants are da vinci pizzeria and royal spice
3 da vinci pizzeria serves italian food it is in the north part of town	do you need the address ?
4 of course !	it is at 20 milton road chesterton do you need any other information
5 no thank you that is all	ok thank you and good bye

1 are there any expensive places to eat in the east ?	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range in the east part of town
2 i was really looking for a kosher cuisine ? is that available there ? if so can you book a table for four ?	there are no restaurants in the east that serve kosher food would you like me to search another area ?
3 are there any restaurants that serve indian food ?	i can book you a table for 4 at the pipasha restaurant

1 i am looking for a cuban restaurant in the north part of town	i am sorry i could not find any cuban restaurants for you in the north part of town is there a different type of food you would like me to search for instead ?
2 i still want the north part of town but look for asian oriental food instead please	saigon city is located in the north part of town and serves asian oriental food would you like their address ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number please	the phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and their address is 169 high street chesterton chesterton would you like anything else ?
4 no that does it thank you and goodbye !	thank you for using this system goodbye

1 i would like to eat at an expensive european food restaurant	there are five european restaurants which area would you like to dine in ?
2 the area doesn t matter can you make a recommendation please ?	i would recommend eraina it is at free school lane city centre
3 great can you book me a table for 2 at 18:00 on monday ?	unfortunately eraina is not available at that time would you like to try the city stop restaurant ?
4 sure that would work	please book another day or time slot the place could be full
5 how about 17:00 ?	booking was successful your reference number is kanpywac
6 thanks that is all i need today	the address for the restaurant is cambridge city football club milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270 you will fond the restaurant in the north area of town

1 i m looking for an indian restaurant that is priced moderately	there are four restaurants that meet that criteria one in the north one in the west and two in the east which area would you prefer ?
2 one in the east please	we have curry prince and rajmahal would you like to book a table at either one of those ?
3 yes i would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:15 on thursday	booking was successful at rajmahal your reference number is z1827ckb is there anything else i can assist with ?
4 no thank you	thank you

1 i m looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle	i have found the copper kettle lcoated at 4 kings parade would you like to make a reservation ?
2 yes i would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 15:15	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different time of place ?
3 can you find me another place in the same area and price range ?	i was able to book you at the oak bistro reference number k4quy32n is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all thank you	okay enjoy your dinner

1 what is good in the south part of town	what type of food are you interested in ?
2 i don t care what type of food it is	there are nine restaurants in the south area is there a price range you would like in particular ?
3 yes under $25.00 per entree	would you like the cheap moderate or expensive price range ?
4 cheap please	there are two available in the south: nandos which serves portuguese and the lucky star which serves chinese do you have a preference ?

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town	i recommend golden wok it is in the north part of town with a moderate price range
2 yes i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	i recommend golden wok it is in the north part of town with a moderate price range
3 i don t want golden wok is there anything else ?	yes your other option is the nirala it serves indian food and is also located in the north part of town
4 okay what is their phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 360966
5 thank you goodbye	thank you enjoy your meal

1 i need to get some information on a restaurant named eraina	eraina is an expensive european restaurant in the centre of the city would you like me to book a reservation for you ?
2 yes for 8 people at 12:30 on monday please	i m sorry i wasn t able to get that reservation would you like to try somewhere else ?
3 is there another restaurant in the same area and price range that is available at that time ?	i ve booked you in at fitzbillies restaurant it is in the same area and price range as eraina the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : ogrygi2n
4 thank you for all the help you have been you have a good day	i m glad we could help thank you !

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are five expensive restaurants in that area do you have a preference for price range or type of food ?
2 any type of food is fine	there is an expensive mexican restraunt in the south area of town called chiquito restaurant bar is that fine ?
3 is there anything else ?	frankie and bennys serves italian food and is located in the south part of town would you like more information for them ?
4 i need the address	their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton can i help you with anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye
6 good bye	goodbye

1 is there a restaurant in the centre ?	there are several restaurants located in the centre which kind of food do you prefer ?
2 i would like one serving korean food possible	little seoul serves korean food in the city s centre it is expensive but very classy would you like to know more about it ?
3 can i get the address and phone number ?	little seoul s address is 108 regent street city centre their phone number is 01223 308681
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and have a nice day

1 i m looking for something serving christmas food	there are no restaurants serving christmas food
2 how about a moderately priced chinese restaurant ?	yes there is one called golden wok in the north part of town do you want this one ?
3 ok what s the phone number ?	golden wok s number is 01223 350688
4 is there anything else ?	that s all enjoy your meal
5 thanks ! you too !	goodbye

1 i would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food	the royal standard is located at 290 mill road city
2 what is the phone number ?	you can reach them at 01223 247877
3 thank you very much bye	you re welcome have a good day

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town	there are results matching your query would you like mexican italian chinese or indian ?
2 let s go with italian food	frankie and bennys is an expensive italian eatery in the south part of town would you like any additional information about this restaurant ?
3 address and phone number	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 412430
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern european food	i can recommend the michaelhouse cafe would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 yes i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday	i m sorry but there aren t any reservations available at michaelhouse at that time would you like to try a different restaurant ?
3 yes please find me another restaurant in the city center in the same price range	michaelhouse cafe is a nice place and the only option available

1 hi i m looking for a particular restaurant named bedouin can you help ?	yes bedouin serves african food and is is located in the centre
2 can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on wednesday ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : n332o6jk
3 great thank you so much that ll be all for today bye !	thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food	la raza is a spanish restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is located in the centre part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 what is the address ?	the address for la raza is 4 - 6 rose crescent would you like their phone number ?
3 no thank you	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i want portuguese food and i don t care about the price range what is the address and phone number ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is on the south side of town the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
2 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town please	da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaraunt in the north part of town would you like their phone number or address ?
2 is there anything else ?	city stop restaurant is in the north part of town and it is in the cheap price range
3 is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town ?	royal spice is a cheap restaurant on the north side of town would you like their address ?
4 address and phone number for royal spice yes please	the phone number for royal spice is 01733 553355 and they are located at victoria avenue chesterton can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that s everything thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 hi there i am hoping you could help me find a british restaurant in town	sure we have quite a few do you have a price range or area in mind ?
2 yes i am looking for something moderately priced	okay and do you prefer a certain area of town ? there are four in the centre and one in the west
3 yes the one in the west please	the one in the west is saint johns chop house its located at 21-24 northampton street can i make a reservation for you ?
4 yes i would really appreciate that can you get me a table for 5 on sunday at 16:45 ?	i m afraid they re fully booked for 16:45 sunday perhaps a different time or day ?
5 is there anything an hour earlier or an hour later on that same day ?	no unfortunately both an hour earlier and an hour later they re booked
6 let s try a different restaurant	what is available in the centre area at 16:45 for a party of 5 ?
7 sure when you find something make the booking and give me the reference number	i have you booked at a british place in the center of town restaurant one seven reference code 5k83e181
8 thank you that is all i need bye	have a great day !

1 what is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town ?	there is the missing sock they serve international food on the east side and are cheap their phone number is 01223 812660 and postcode is c.b 25 9 aq
2 thanks so much !	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no thank you	goodbye

1 i need your help in finding a particular restaurant i don t know much about the restaurant unfortunately i don t even know the food served i do know the name: cafe uno	caffe uno is an italian restaurant at 32 bridge street
2 that s it i want to book a table for 4 people at 17:30 on saturday	i m sorry it doesn t look like they have anything available would you like to try somewhere else ?
3 yes try the same area and price range	how about asian cuisine ? it is an expensive restaurant located at 52 mill road in centre

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the west area can you locate one for me please ?	there are 3 results for restaurants in the west that serve british food do you prefer moderately priced or expensive ?
2 i would like to get information about moderately priced	i have st johns chop house within the moderate price range can i book it for you ?
3 can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 19:30 on sunday ?	sorry but there is not space for 5 people can i search a restaurant in the north ?
4 i need something else in the west moderate priced	okay i booked you into an indian restaurant that is moderately priced called prezzo and your reference number is tmt76mhk
5 thank you ! that s all i need from you today	okay do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything else

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the east !	as far as cheaper restaurants i only have one available that s located in the east it s called the missing sock and serves international food would you like more information ?
2 that sounds good please give me more information	sure the missing sock is in the east serves cheap food would you like to book a table ?
3 no but i would like the address and post code please	the missing sock is at finders corner newmarket road postcode cb259aq
4 thank you very much	is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all i needed thank you !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 looking for a restaurant on the south part of town ?	what type of food would you like ?
2 i do not have a preference	do you have any preference on the cost ?
3 i would like something in the cheap price range please	there is a very popular chinese restaurant in the south part of town called the lucky star it is in the cheap price range
4 can i have the address and phone number please ?	their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton can i be of any further assistance ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range	do you have a preference on area ?
2 it should be in the west part of town	do you have a preference on food type ? there are three restaurants with the following food types: indian italian and british
3 british sounds good what s it called ?	saint johns chop house serves british food in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
4 yes i would like the address and phone number	saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 northampton street
5 perfect thank you very much	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the centre	i have 5 that serve chinese food how about charlie chan ? it s priced pretty cheap
2 yes that sounds good could you book it for me on saturday at 18:00	how many people are you booking for ?
3 there are six of us	i m so sorry that booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant instead ?
4 yes another chinese restaurant for six people	i was able to get you a table for six at rice house the reference number is wy1lh16e can i help you with anything else ?
5 no thank you	ok i hope you enjoy your meal have a nice day bye

1 i need an indian restaurant in the centre	curry garden has good reviews and serves indian food in the centre of town
2 i would like it to be in the expensive range of food is that place expensive ?	yes it s expensive would that work for you ?
3 could you give me the phone number and postcode ?	their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is cb21dp
4 great thank you ! that is all i need	glad to be of assistance have a great day bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves irish food and is in the expensive price range	there is not a restaurant serving irish food in the expensive price range would you like another restaurant ?
2 is there an expensive korean restaurant ?	yes little seoul is a korean restaurant in the expensive price range
3 great ! can you give me the address and area of little seoul ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre may i help you with anything else today ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 what restaurants are on the east part of town ?	there are several restaurants in the east part of town would you like something in the moderate cheap or expensive price range ?
2 expensive	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food it is on the east side of town and it is in the expensive price range would you like the phone number ?
3 what is the address ?	grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton
4 great thanks for your help that s all i need	goodbye

1 i want some welsh food moderately priced please	i m sorry i do not find any restaurants meeting those requirements
2 i d like a chinese restaurant instead then	there are several chinese restaurants in the moderate price range would you prefer the north or centre of town ?
3 i don t care	golden wok is located in the north part of town would you like their address and phone number ?
4 i would like their phone number please	golden wok s phone number is 01223 350688
5 is there any thing else i can help you with ?	i appreciate the offer but it is my job to help you is there anything else ?
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and good bye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town could i get the address and phone number please ?	la margherita is an italian restaurant in the west part of town that is cheap would you like their address and phone number ?
2 yes please	thank you

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	royal standard is a gastropub located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range
2 what is the address ?	the royal standard is locdated at 290 mill road city centre how else may i assist you ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a wonderful day !

1 i d like to find a restaurant the restaurant should be expensive in price only the finest in food also i d like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town	i have many listings that fit,can i find out exactly what type of food you are looking for ?
2 i need for the restaurant to serve chinese food	how about the tang chinese ? i would recommend it can i make a reservation for you ?
3 that sounds great ! i need a table for monday at 12:15 for 8 people	so it is not avaible then shall i try another place to dine ?
4 yes please do ! a different restaurant in the same area and price range	booked at hk fusion reference number: o00ttios table will be held for 15 minutes
5 thank you and goodbye	thank you for calling have a great day !

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	restaurant alimentum serves modern european food and is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range
2 can you give me their address and phone number ?	the phone number for restaurant alimentum is 01223 413000 and the address is 152 - 154 hills road anything else i can help you find today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 hi i am hoping you can help me find a cheap indian restaurant	sure i have 4 cheap indian restaurants kohinoor royal spice the gandhi and mahal of cambridge would you like to book one of these ?
2 the mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions let s book a table for two at the royal spice	of course when would you like to dine ?
3 actually i don t need a reservation right now but could you give me the address and phone number for the royal spice ?	the royal spice is at victoria avenue chesterton their phone number is 01733553355 can i help you with anything else ?
4 that s all thank you for your help	your welcome ! have a great day !
5 thanks again goodbye	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 i need a moderate priced restaurant please	there are 31 restaurants that fit your criteria is there a part of the city you would prefer ?
2 i would like an italian restaurant in the south	i ve found one restaurant it is pizza hut cherry hinton would you like for me to book it for you ?
3 yes can you book for 6 people at 19:15 on wednesday ?	i cannot complete this booking would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 that s disappointing is there anything else moderately priced in that area ?	yes i also have the restaurant alimentum that serves modern european food would that work for you ?
5 sure as long as it s in the south can you give me the reference number once booked ?	i have reservations booked for 19:15 on wednesday for 6 ppeople the reference number is pjmaug2e is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that will take care of it thank you very much for your help !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i need some caribbean food in the south part of town	unfortunately no caribbean restaurants can be found in the south of town can i help you with something else ?
2 is there an italian restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants serving italian food in the south of town what price range would you like ?
3 i don t care	pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food on the south part of town would you like their phone number ?
4 yes please	the phone number is 01223 323737
5 may i also get the postcode of the restaurant ?	the post code is c.b 1 7 d.y is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 that will be all thank you very much !	thank you have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food !	what area are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	the bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
3 what is their address and phone number ?	bloomsbury restaurant is located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and their phone number is 0871 942 9180 may i help you with anything else ?
4 is bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range ?	yes bloomsbury restaurant is in the moderate price range
5 can i get the postcode ?	bloomsbury restaurant has the c.b 2 3 d.t postcode
6 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for bloomsbury restaurant is crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and the phone number is 0871 942 9180 can i help you with anything else ?
7 that is all thank you	you re welcome bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it serves european food
2 thank you can i have the address please ?	yes their address is 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 thank you i would like their price range and phone number as well please	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01223 355166
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
5 goodbye	enjoy your dining experience

1 i d love to find an asian oriental restaurant something moderately priced	may i recommend yippee noodle bar located at 40428 king street in the centre of town ?
2 that s perfect thank you !	is that all ? would you like be to book ? anything else you need ?
3 yes please book it for 3 people on sunday at 14:45 please	i apologize but there were no openings for that time would you like to try another day or time ?
4 yes could you try 13:45 ?	your booking was successful they will reserve your table for 15 minutes and your reference number is q9j4799i can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no thank you have a good rest of your day	you as well enjoy your meal

1 i am looking for a french restaurant	there are two french restaurants listed do you have a preference of area ? centre or north part of town ?
2 i don t care	cote is a french restaurant in the centre part of town and it is in the expensive price range is that price range okay for you ?
3 are there any other french places available ?	restaurant two two is a nice place that serves french food in the expensive price range and is in the north part of town
4 that sounds great ! may i have their address and postcode please ?	restaurant two two s address is 22 chesterton road chesterton their postcode is c.b 4 3 a.x
5 please give me the address and postcode	cote is located at bridge street city centre and their postcode is c.b 2 1 uf may i help you with anything else ?
6 that s it thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving modern european food	i have at least three choices would you like a recommendation ?
2 i d like a restaurant on the south end of town please	how does restaurant alimentum sound ? they are on the south side of town
3 that sounds good can i book a table there for 1 person at 12:30 on wednesday ?	your reservation at restaurant alimentum has been made for 12:30 on wednesday and your reference number is x08rcbwh is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is all i need thank you for your help !	i m glad we could help and enjoy your luncheon at alimentum have a wonderful day !

1 where a a restaurant on the east part f town ?	what type of food would you like ?
2 it doesn t matter	the royal standard is located in city centre
3 are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the east part of town ?	there are a few restaurants in the east part of town are you looking for a certain price range ?

1 i need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves british food can you help me ?	i am sorry i do not have any cheaply priced british restaurants in the city would you like a different type of food or maybe a different price range ?
2 do you have any asian oriental restaurants in the same price range ?	yes i found 2 cheap asian oriental places to eat the dojo noodle bar and j restaurant would you like me to book a table for you ?
3 yes please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 19:00 on wednesday	i couldn t get you a table at dojo i can get you one at j restaurant if you want ?
4 that works same parameters please i need the reference number too	booked ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number: f10eigq3
5 great thank you for all your help	do you need anything else ?
6 that was all thank you	okay great thanks for calling and enjoy your dinner

1 i m looking for a swedish restaurant preferably in the expensive price range	i am sorry there are no swedish restaurants in this city is there another type of restaurant you would like me to help you find ?
2 mediterranean food	there are 3 restaurants that serve mediterranean food what price range are you looking for ?
3 i prefer the expensive price range	la mimosa serves mediterranean food and is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at thompsons lane fen ditton
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for using this system goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food	what area of town are you looking for ?
2 any area of town would be fine	there are no restaurants serving vegetarian food
3 how about european food ?	would you prefer european or modern european food ?
4 european please	there are ten results do you have a price range preference ?
5 no i do not	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food and is the expensive price range
6 can i have the address and phone number ?	the address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre postcode c.b 3 0 d.q phone is 01223 355166
7 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thank you for calling goodbye

1 i am looking for a british restaurant that is moderately priced	there are a few of them would you prefer the centre of town or the west area ?
2 how about the center ?	there are a few restaurants that will meet your needs i suggest the copper kettle at 4 kings parade city centre
3 please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on friday at the copper kettle	i was able to book a table for you at 14:15 at the copper kettle your reference number is 3ed8cqbu is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 that is all thank you very much !	you re welcome have a good day goodbye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	i would suggest you try the chiquito restaurant bar
2 what type of food do they serve and may i have their address ?	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food and located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton would you like anything else ?
3 that is all thank you	you re welcome

1 hello i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town	ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre part of town
2 what is the address and phone number ?	ali baba is located at 59 hills road city centre and the phone number is 01462 432565
3 thank you good bye	you re very welcome have a good night

1 can you recommend a restaurant to me in the south part of town ? i don t want to spend a lot of money	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter to me	two results with cheap price range in the south area of town one is nandos which is portuguese food the other is the lucky star which is chinese food
3 is there anything else ?	the lucky star is a chinese restaurant that is cheap and on the south side of town
4 what is the phone number ?	the phone number of the lucky star is 01223 244277
5 that will be good thank you !	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for an expensive indian restaurant can you help me with that ?	sure i can help you with that there are 14 choices did you have a certain area in mind ?
2 i need the town centre	i have 6 different indian food restaurants available might i suggest curry queen it is the most highly rated in the area
3 certainly sounds good could you just get me the address and postcode ?	the curry queen is located at 5 jordans yard bridge street city centre and the postcode is cb21ug would you like me to book this restaurant ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed !	thank you and please check with us for future reservations

1 expensive mediterranean restaurant please	la mimosa is an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the centre part of town would you like their location ?
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and the postcode is cb58aq
3 thank you good bye	thank you for using our system good bye
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system and have a great day !

1 i would like a restaurant that serves swiss food	i m sorry we do not have any swiss restaurants available do you want to try a different type of food ?
2 i would like to try vietnamese food	thanh binh is a good vietnamese restaurant in the cheap price range
3 what is the address ?	17 magdalene street city centre
4 ok thank you good bye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 hi i m looking for a local upscale chinese restaurant	there are 9 restaurants that meet your criteria want to try yu garden on 529 newmarket road fen ditton or a different one ?
2 actually i m looking for somewhere that s located near the centre could you recommend somewhere near there ?	the ugly duckling restaurant is an expensive chinese restaurant near the center of town would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please	for how many people and at what time/day ?
4 it s for 5 people and we want to eat at 13:30 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : tzptjja5
5 great thank you so much for your help	you are welcome have a good day !

1 can you help me find a russian restaurant ?	i m sorry there are russian restaurants do you have a secondary choice ?
2 yes what about european type food ?	please wait a moment while i check for european restaurants for you
3 if you find a european restaurant i would also like the address and phone number	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food their phone number is 01223 355166 and address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 hello i am looking for a thai restaurant on the north side of town	unfortunately there are no thai restaurants in the north do you want to change an area to look for ?
2 how about west area ? i also want the address phone number and price range ?	sala thong servers thai food and is expensive in the west their phone number is 01223323178 the address is 35 newnham road newnham it there anything i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal

1 i want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving singaporean food	i m sorry there is not a restaurant serving singaporean food in the south part of town would you like to try indian food ?
2 indian food of course and what is the phone number ?	taj tandoori serves indian food on the south part of town their number is 01223 412299 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no that will be all thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system..good bye

1 i m looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town	backstreet bistro is an nice expensive one
2 can you please let me know the address with the postcode and the phone number please ?	backstreet bistro is at 2 sturton street city centre post code c.b 1 2 qa the phone number is 01223 306306
3 thank you that is all i needed to know good bye	thank you for using our system good bye
4 goodbye	have a nice day

1 hi i m looking for an indian restaurant i d prefer something on the west side	i have found 6 restaurants meeting your criteria rice boat is a good choice would you like me to book you a table ?
2 i m looking for something in the fine dining price range so the place should be expensive are there any that fit that criteria ?	absolutely there are a few choices how about tandoori palace on histon road ?
3 that sounds good may i have their postcode address and phone number ?	sure tandoori is located at 68 histon road chesterton in postcode cb43le their phone number is 01223506055 can i book it for you ?
4 no that s fine	ok will there be anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no i think that s everything thank you	you re welcome have a nice day !

1 could you help me find an austrian restaurant please ?	i m sorry but there are no austrian restaurants is there another type that might interest you ?
2 darn i was really hoping to find a cheap austrian restaurant would you mind checking one more time ?	i m so sorry but there doesn t seem to be any restaurants in the city that offer austrian food can i look for another cuisine style for you ?
3 ok how about a cheap chinese restaurant ?	we have four cheap chinese restaurants are you interested in the south or centre area ?
4 i am interested in the centre area	the golden house is a cheap chinese restaurant in the center area would you like me to reserve a table for you ?
5 yes that would be great i d like a table for 3 on saturday at 18:30	there doesn t seem to be any availability for saturday at 18:30 does another time or day work for you ?
6 sure try 17:30	i was able to make your reservation for 17:30 your reference number is vggq2ap9 is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no that will be all	excellent have a good rest of your day

1 i am looking for a cuban food place in the east	i am sorry but there aren t any restaurants matching your criteria can i help you with something else ?
2 can you check again ? the only thing i m interested in is a moderately priced cuban restaurant in the east	i apologize i am still not showing any restaurants that meet your criteria is there another type of cuisine you would prefer ?
3 do you have a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east ?	yes i have 2 curry prince and rajmahal
4 i will try the curry prince can you book a table for 4 people on monday at 17:30 ?	i apologize booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try rajmahal
5 yes try that	i have you at rajmahal reference number is : t44kc552 anything else you need ?
6 no thank you you have been very helpful have a great day	here is the address and the phone number: 7 barnwell road fen ditton 01223244955
7 thanks again for helping to find me a place to eat i have the reference number t44kc552	enjoy your meal at the rajmahal have a great day

1 hi can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>	what type of cuisine or price range would you prefer ?
2 i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the west ?	meghna is a nice indian restaurant in the west part of town
3 ok and the phone number and address ?	the phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and is located at 205 victoria road chesterton
4 ok thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

1 hi i am looking for a north indian restaurant in the town centre ?	i ve found 9 restaurants that match what you re looking for would you like me to go through them ?
2 one in the moderate price range would be good can you find one for me ?	i am sorry there are non in the moderate price range,i have a few in the cheap price range,would that be okay ?
3 no in that case i think i would prefer to try a place that serves international food	i have 2 restaurants that meet your needs: the varsity restaurant on saint andrews st and bloomsbury restaurant on downing street
4 okay how about the varsity i d like a table for four on thursday at 12:30	booking was unsuccessful want to try another restaurant ?
5 yes i d like the same area and price range	okay i was able to get you into the bloomsbury and your reference number is 6bohrouh
6 thank you that will be just fine	you re very welcome ! don t hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	there are two cheap restaurants in the north part of town would you prefer italian or indian ?
2 i don t care	i suggest da vinci pizzeria they serve great italian food would you like their contact information ?
3 what is the address ?	the address for da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton would you like any additional information ?
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thanks for your call today ! bye bye

1 i would like a moderately prices restaurant in the east part of town i would like the phone number and postcode please	we have 3 matching your request in the east part of town do you prefer indian or italian ?
2 i don t care	there is pizza hut fen ditton their phone number is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton and postal code is c.b 5 8 wr

1 could you recommend a chinese restaurant for me to try ?	sure i have them in all price ranges all over the city do you have an area you prefer ?
2 the centre of the city with a moderate price range please	okay i was able to find 3 restaurants for your preference i have jinling noodle bar ian hong house and shanghai family restaurant is there any preference on one of these ?
3 no i don t have a preference i would like a reservation on sunday at 11:15 for three people	unfortunately i was not able to book that restaurant
4 how about for 10:15 ?	i was able to get you a table for 3 on sunday at 10:15 at the shanghai family restaurant your reference number is sfwtqub7 is there anything else ?
5 no thank you that is all for today	thank you have a great day goodbye

1 i am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves thai food	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town would you like their phone number or address ?
2 of course	bangkok city is located in 24 green street city centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves korean food i would like the address and area please	the little seoul fits fits your price request it is located at 108 regent street city centre
2 thank you	thank you good bye
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the south would you prefer italian or modern european ?
2 may i have the address and phone number of the italian restaurant ?	that would be the pizza hut cherry hinton at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and they can be reached at 01223 323737 can i help you with anything else today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 hi i need to find a place to dine serving vietnamese food in the cheap price range	thanh binh is a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the cheap price range
2 thank you !	you re welcome
3 can you book me a table for 7 people at 12:00 on saturday ?	okay got it your table has been reserved the reference number is u2oy8b4t
4 thanks so much !	thank you have a great day

1 i d like a kosher restaurant that s in the moderate price range	i m sorry there is not a kosher restaurant in the moderate price range would you like to try something else ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	yippee noodle bar is a moderately priced restaurant serving asian oriental food
3 what is the address and phone number ?	yippee noodle bar s phone number is 01223 518111 their address is 40428 king street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north	i ve found a chinese restaurant and an indian restaurant which one do you prefer ?
2 chinese would be great !	if you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve i can book that for you
3 i would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on wednesday	then booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try the indian restaurant ?
4 okay that sounds good i ll need a reference number	it s booked your reference number is 5ybverxa
5 thank you so much for your help	no problem i hope you have a great day good-bye !

1 hi i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the expensive price range	i am sorry there are no expensive middle eastern restaurants can i look in a different price range ?
2 yes can we try a moderate price range	sorry there are no moderate middle eastern restaurants either do you want to try a different price range ?
3 hmm how about italian ? expensive	there are some great ones do you have a preference for which part of town it is in ?
4 nope ! could you pick your favorite and book a table for me ? 2 people at 12:30 on tuesday please	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : h9sv1u6g
5 awesome thanks for your assistance that s all i need	i am glad to be of service ! have a wonderful time in cambridge !

1 yes i d like some help looking for a particular restaurant the name of the restaurant is darrys cookhouse and wine shop i d like to know where it s located and how expensive	certainly it is in the expensive price range and it is located at 40270 king street city center
2 perfect could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on sunday ?	unfortunately there are no reservations available at that time would you like me to look for another restaurant ?
3 yes please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as darrys cookhouse	how about erania it s a european resturant at free school lane city centre
4 what is the address,please ?	their address is free school lane city centre would you like me to book that for you ?
5 yes please book that for the same party and time on sunday	thank you good-bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the east	there are nine restaurants in the east do you have a price range in mind ?
2 i don t have a price range but i am looking for asian oriental cuisine is that possible ?	i am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria is there another type of food or area you would be interested in ?
3 how about british food ?	i would recommend you try grafton hotel restaurant as requested it is in the east and serves british food
4 thanks will you please book a table for 7 people on thursday at 13:00 ?	booking was unsuccessful can we book another day or time slot ?
5 please try booking at 1200hrs and get me the reference number	booking was successful for thursday at 1200hrs table for 7 at grafton hotel restaurant your reference number is kqktcx5y is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 nope that should be everything thank you so much for all of your help	you are welcome enjoy your dinner !

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food	i m sorry but there is not cantonese restaurant in the east can i offer you something else ?
2 what about an indian restaurant ?	curry prince is an indian restaurant in the east part of town
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 324351
4 address please	curry prince is at 451 newmarket road fen ditton
5 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 i would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves thai food	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town
2 can i have the phone number and address please ?	bangkok city restaurant is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 indian in the north	there are two indian restaurants royal spice and the nirala
2 what is the address phone number and price range of one of them ?	royal spice is an indian restaurant on the north part of town and it is in the cheap price range the phone number is 01733 553355 and the address is victoria avenue chesterton
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 hey could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town ?	i m not finding any restaurants matching that description would you like to try searching a different area ?
2 no	ok would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine ?
3 are there any chinese restaurants on the east side of town ? if so what is the address phone number and post code ?	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton its phone number is 01223 248882 and the postcode is cb58pa is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye to you as well

1 looking for someone that serves australasian food ?	no restaurants serving australasian food can be found may i find another type restaurant for you ?
2 how about european food ?	galleria serves european food and is in the centre part of town and has a moderate price range

1 hi ! i m looking for information on the rice house restaurant	the phone number is 01223367755 is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes i ll also need their address please	they are located at 88 mill road city centre
3 great thank you thanks for the info have a good rest of your day	you re welcome is there anything else you need ?
4 no i have all the information i need thank you	thank you for using this system !

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food	there is not a restaurant matching your request would you like another restaurant ?
2 yes how about european food instead	cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west
3 could i have their phone number and address ?	cambridge lodge restaurant is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and their phone number is 01223 355166
4 thank you good bye	glad we could help !

1 i want a cheap portuguese restaurant give me their address phone number and area please	nandos is a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south area the phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i m looking for a gastropub restaurant	the backstreet bistro serves gastropub food
2 can i have the address and postcode	the address is 2 sturton street city centre c.b 1,2 qa
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system phone line enjoy your meal !

1 do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town ? i ll need the address and phone number	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton it s phone number is 01223350688
2 thank you good bye	enjoy your stay good bye

1 could you recommend a restaurant that serves french food ? i ll need the address phone number and postcode thank you	you would like a restaurant serving french food do you have a preference to what area it is located ?
2 i don t care please give me address phone number and postcode	i can recommend 2 restaurants serving french cuisine: cote located at bridge street city centre c.b2 1 u.f phone number 01223 311053 or restaurant two two located at 22 chesterton road chesterton c.b 4 3 a.x phone number 01223 351880
3 thank you good bye	you are welcome

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	alright well you have 33 to choose from any type of cuisine you re looking for ?
2 i ll take something chinese if you have it i ll take the postcode of which every of those you recommend	okay the postcode for the golden house is cb21eg is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that will do it thanks for your help have a nice day	i m glad to be of service enjoy your dinner in cambridge !

1 i need an expensive place to dine in the center of town	what type of food are you wanting at this restaurant ?
2 type of food does not matter to me	yes there are 33 such restaurants would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes and book one in the centre of town for tonight	certainly how many will be in your party ?
4 just one and can you book me for 14:00 ?	fitzbillies restaurant is british cuisine would you like me to book a reservation ?
5 sure for thursday	booking was unsuccessful want to try another restaurant ?
6 please book a different restaurant in the same area and price range	okay i got you into the cambridge chop house and your reference number is t3xzdzfc
7 thank you that s all i need today	thank you for using this service good bye

1 i want to find some international food in the east part of town	the missing sock serves international food and is located in the east side of town at finders corner newmarket road would you like more information or a reservation ?
2 i need the restaurant to be cheap does this restaurant fir that criteria ?	yes the missing sock is listed as being in the cheap price range would you like to reserve a table ?
3 yes please book for 8 people on saturday for 12:30	i am sorry but the missing sock is full may i look for another restaurant for you on the east side of town ?
4 can you find me something in the same price range ?	there is nothing else would you like to try another time ?
5 i was really hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town can you check for availability again ? any cuisine is fine	i m sorry bu there are no other restaurants on the east side of town that are listed as cheap can we try another part of town ?
6 yes alright then	i will look up a cheap restaurant on the other part of the town
7 ok any area will be ok	i am sorry there are no others in any area,would you like me to check in another price range ?
8 no i need a cheap restaurant in the east	the missing sock is the only cheap restaurant in the east can you perhaps do another time ?
9 i really needed it to be at that time thank you for your help	i m really sorry we couldn t book the table for you is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
10 you re certain that with no particular cuisine needed there were no cheap restaurants at all ?	i booked for you a table at gardenia it s in the center and serves mediterranean food your reservation is on msf1lno1
11 thanks i hope it will be a good one bye !	i m sure it will bye !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food	what area would you like to look in ?
2 i do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap	there are no hungarian restaurants i can direct you to would you like another type of food ?
3 yes how about a restaurant that serves modern european food ?	the the river bar steakhouse and grill is cheap and serves modern european food
4 can i get the address and postcode ?	their address is quayside off bridge street and the postcode is c.b 5 8 aq may i help you with anything else ?
5 that s it thank you goodbye	you re welcome and good bye

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve international food	may i recommend bloomsbury restaurant ? it serves wonderful international food
2 are they located in the cetre ?	yes they are should i book that for you ?
3 yes please try for sunday at 19:00 for 2 people	alright - you are booked reference number is 4ghah1tc
4 thanks so much that s all i needed goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

1 i want a restaurant that serves international cuisine	there are three restaurants of varying price range serving your requested type of cuisine would you like to narrow your request ?
2 i would like to know one of the address and phone number	the varisty restaurant a centre location is at 35 sanit andrews street city centre with a phone number of 01223 356060
3 thank you good bye	you are welcome

1 i am looking for basque food in the centre of town	i am sorry but there are no matching records found can i help you with something else ?
2 any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range ?	there are 33 restaurants with that criteria would you like to narrow your search ?
3 do any of them serve italian cuisine ?	yes 4 stazione restaurant and coffee bar clowns cafe don pasquale pizzeria and cafe uno
4 caffe uno sounds good could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on monday ?	it is unavailable for that time would you like to try another time or place ?
5 how about another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i was able to book you at another italian place by the name of clowns caafe your reference number is baohhc1z is there anything else that i can assist with ?
6 no that will be all thanks for your help	thank you for calling have a great day !

1 i need some portuguese food ! i need a restaurant in any area please give me a phone number	nandos is located in the south area address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and phone number is 01223 327908
2 is there anything else ?	nandos city centre is in the centre part of town their phone number is 01223 327908
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for unusual food in the south part of town	what price range do you prefer ?
2 i have no preference	there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving unusual type food
3 what about italian food ?	frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range
4 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the postcode for frankie and bennys is c.b 1 7 d.y and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town what is the address ?	the nirala is a great moderately priced indian restaurant in the north part of town they are located at 191 histon road chesterton is there anything else i can do for you today ?
2 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves portuguese food please also provide the phone number	i do not show an expensive portuguese restaurant can i look for something else ?
2 how about french food ?	cote is a french restaurant located in the centre part of town and is in the expensive price range is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 yes could i have their phone number ?	the phone number for cote is 01223 311053
4 thank you ! goodbye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve mediterranean food	the gardenia restaurant is a great choice it is not expensive and meets your other criteria the address is 2 rose crescent city centre
2 sounds great ! can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on sunday ?	what time would you like the reservation to be for ?
3 16:15 please thank you	you are booked with ref # wbb6xxrp anything else for you today ?
4 no that is all thank you for the help	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

1 i need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side	i have about 5 different ones to offer you i have european food french chinese and asian oriental do you prefer a certain cuisine ?
2 can you give me some additional information on the asian oriental one ?	sure it s called saigon city and it s located at 169 high street chesterton chesterton cb41nl their phone number is 01223356555 can i be of further assistance today ?
3 sounds great can you book a table for 1 at 19:15 on friday please ? i will need a reference number too	your booking was successful your reference number is 01yib028 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thanks you ve been a great help !	glad to help you

1 i am looking for a place serving indian food in the west	the tandoori palace is an excellent choice though it s a bit expensive would you like a table there ?
2 yes please book for 3 people at 13:15 on monday include reference number please	you are all set for 13:15 monday your reference number is 36nikcyf can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that s all thanks ! bye !	all right enjoy your meal !

1 i m interested in finding a modern european restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu	i pulled up 3 restaurants two in the centre and one in the south do you have a preference on location ?
2 no preference can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on wednesday ? thanks !	of course ! you re all set at the restaurant alimentum with reference number ia29xfxa the table will be reserved for 15 minutes anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	thank you for calling goodbye

1 i m looking for cheap food in the centre	sure i have asian and chinese restaurants and other options is there a type of food you are looking for ?
2 i think i d like french food please	i m sorry there are no cheap french restaurants in the central area
3 what about an indian restaurant ?	there are 3 cheap indian restaurants located in the centre i would recommend the kohinoor would you like to book a table ?
4 great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on tuesday	i have reserved your table for 4 your reference number is ssvf0e1r can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 that will be all thank you very much	you are welcome have a nice day

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town	frankie and bennys serves italian food it is in the south part of town and the price range is expensive can i help you with anything else ?
2 what is the address and phone number for frankie and bennys ?	frankie and bennys address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton their phone number is 01223 412430
3 thank you	you re welcome is there anything else ?
4 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the south part of town
5 no that was it bye bye	goodbye

1 i need to find a restaurant in the west part of town it should be in the cheap price range	i have a vietnamese and an italian restaurant matching your requirements would you be interested in either ?
2 i d prefer the italian one	i have la margherita that is a cheaper italian restaurant it s located at 15 magdalene street city centre did you need any help booking a table ?
3 can i get the postcode for it ?	absolutely ! the postcode for la margherita is cb30af would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes please thank you very much	great ! what day and time would you like the reservation for ?
5 i do not want to just yet thanks	okay we ll book that for you whenever you re ready thank you and goodbye !

1 can you help me find some cheap italian food ?	i have ask at 12 bridge street city centre
2 thanks for your help can i get their phone number and other info as well ?	sure their phone number is 01223364917 and their post code is cb21uf
3 that s that s all i need good bye	excellent have a great day !

1 i want a cheap italian restaurant in the south side of town	i m sorry i cannot find a cheap italian restaurant in the south side of town
2 i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town there is also indian and british food available in that area and price range would you like more info ?
3 yes can i get thier address and postcode ?	of course prezzo s address is 21 - 24 northampton road and postcode is c.b 3 0 ad
4 thank you ! goodbye !	thank you ! goodbye !

1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves chinese food what is the phone number ?	there are three chinese restaurants would you like the phone number for all three ?
2 what is the phone number ?	golden wok is 01223350688 hakka is 01223568988 and the hotpot is 01223366552 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve chinese food
4 no that s all i need thank you and goodbye	have a nice day !

1 is there a moderate priced restaurant ?	i found several do you have a preference on location ?
2 yes in the east part of town	there are three results with your preferences of east area and moderate price range
3 what is the address of one of them ?	451 newmarket road fen ditton
4 excellent thanks !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that s it goodbye	you are welcome goodbye

1 hi ! can you find me a moderately priced restaurant for my girlfriend and i ?	i m sure we can cambridge offers 31 moderately priced restaurants what sort of cuisine would you like ?
2 i would prefer italian and it has to be in the south	i found one restaurant with those credentials it s pizza hut cherry hinton would you like the address ?
3 no could you just book a table for 3 ? i d like it for wednesday at 12:15	i m sorry that booking was not available would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 what other restaurants are in the same area and price range ?	there is the restaurant alimentum that serves modern european food ?
5 that sounds good book it for 3 on wednesday at 12:15 please and i ll need the reference number too	i have made a reservation for you at the restaurant alimentum on wednesday at 12:15 for 3 people your reference number is lx2xaaf4 would you like their address ?
6 yes can i have the address and phone number please ?	of course the restaurant is on 152 - 154 hills road and their phone number is 01223413000
7 great that s all i needed have a lovely day	thank you and you too

1 i d like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock serves cheap food in the east part of town
2 what type of food is served at the missing sock and what is the address ?	the missing sock serves international food they are located at finders corner newmarket road
3 what is the address ?	their address is finders corner newmarket road
4 may i have the street address of the establishment	the address for the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road would you like their phone number or postcode ?
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye and please come back to the cambridge restaurant system if you need further assistance
6 thanks see ya !	bye bye

1 i want a restaurant with corsica food please	what is the area you would like ?
2 west side of town	there are no matching restaurants would you like me to perform another search ?
3 how about italian food instead and could i have the phone number if you find a restaurant	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west side of town the phone number is 01799 521260
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant it s called anatolia	anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the centre of the city would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 14:15 on monday	ok i have booked a table at anatolia for 5 people on monday at 14:15

1 i would like to find a cheap restaurant it should be in the north side of town	what type of food do you want ?
2 no preference for food type thank you	great ! da vinci pizzeria and royal spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town
3 great ! da vinci pizzeria and royal spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town	which one do you prefer ? da vinci pizzeria or royal spice ?
4 royal spice give me their address please	it s victoria avenue chesterton would you like the phone number ?
5 no thank you goodbye !	thank you and goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range	nandos is located in the south part of town is in the cheap price range and serves portuguese food
2 hmm are there any other options available for cheap in the south side ?	yes the lucky star serves chinese food is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 phone number please	the phone number for the lucky star is 01223 244277 may i help you with anything else ?
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode for the lucky star is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 hello i m looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town	do you want particular food type ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in the south part of town
3 are there any other options ?	frankie and bennys serves italian food in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes please give me the phone number address and postcode	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 what is the postcode again ?	the postcode for frankie and bennys is cb 1 7 d.y
6 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

1 i want a moderately priced restaurant please	what kind of food would you like to have ?
2 any kind of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the north part of town	golden wok is in the north part of town and is moderately priced it serves chinese food
3 is there any other restaurant ?	there is the nirala which serves indian food in the moderate price range and the north part of town
4 that sounds good what is their phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 360966
5 thank you goodbye	you are very welcome bye

1 hi i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please	certainly there are many expensive restaurants in the town centre what type of food do you prefer ?
2 i am looking to eat some mediterranean food	i have two great choices for you la mimosa and the shiraz restaurant can i offer you more information on one of these two ?
3 sure can i get the postcode phone number and address for la mimosa please ?	absolutely la mimosa is located at thompsons lane fen ditton the postcode is cb58aq their phone number is 01223362525 can i assist you in making a reservation ?
4 no thank you ! thank you for all your help	is there any other information i can get for you at this time ?
5 no that s all for today goodbye	goodbye have a wonderful day !

1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food	it looks like there are no german restaurants in the city would you like me to check for a different type of restaurant ?
2 yes how about portuguese food ?	there are two restaurants in the cheap price range that serve portuguese food what area would you like to go to ?
3 it doesn t matter	nandos serves portuguese food and in the cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i would like the address of nandos restaurant please	nandos is located in the south part of the city and the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way anything else you need ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 hi i am looking for a cheap place in the centre of town to eat can you help ?	sure what type of food are you wanting ?
2 any type is fine just something cheap and in the centre could you recommend one and give me the food type ?	how about the dojo noodle bar ? they serve asian oriental
3 that would be fine can i have their postcode and phone number please ?	their postcode is cb21rq and their phone number is 01223363471
4 thank you for your help today	you re welcome ! goodbye !

1 hi ! do you have any indian food on the east side ?	i have four indian places do you have a price range in mind ?
2 no i do not any place will do i d like to find a table for three at 12:45 on monday	unfortunately there are no tables available matching that do you have another time ?
3 ok how about 11:45 also i would like to know the name of the restaurant	ok i have a table for three booked at 11:45 at curry prince it is in the east side of town your reference number is l8gt5j3i
4 okay that is wonderful that is all i need	great is there anything else i can do for you today ?
5 no that s all i need thank you for your help	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy the rest of your day !

1 hi i m looking for a place with tuscan food in any price range	i m sorry there is not a tuscan restaurant listed would you care to try something else ?
2 how about any korean restaurants ?	little seoul is a korean restaurant
3 phone number please	there phone number is 01223308681 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve japanese food and should be in the centre	there is one restaurant called wagamama that fits your needs
2 i d like somewhere expensive is it ?	yes it is
3 then that will be good i need a reservation for 4 on friday night please	what time would you like to dine ?
4 i d like to eat at 17:30	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : ffaib546 can i be of any other assistance today ?
5 that is it thank you	we appreciate you using our services

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve vietnamese food	there is a vietnamese restaurant in the west area of town that is in the cheap price range called thanh binh should i book that for you ?
2 yes i need the reservation to be for five people on monday at 19:00	already booked welcome
3 thank you can i get the reference number ?	sorry unfortunately that time is not available
4 am asking for the reference number please	my apologies it seems that this particular booking is unavailable would you like to book a different time or day ?
5 if the booking fails how about tuesday	i have booked a table for 5 at 17:00 on tuesday they will hold the table for up to 15 minutes the reference number is 2vns11p1
6 okay that s all bye	thank you for calling us and have a great day goodbye

1 hi i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre ?	yes there are many in my search for you,can i get what type of food you are looking to eat at the restaurant ?
2 italian food cheap and in the east part of town	there are several cheap italian restaurants in the centre but none in the east
3 actually a chinese restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs what is available at a cheap price ?	in the centre we have charlie chan rice house and golden house that are all quite inexpensive would you like me to book a table at one of them ?
4 yes please i need a table for 3 people at 18:00 on thursday	you have a table at the rice house it will be held for 15 minutes and the reference number is cbkxevpz can i help you further ?
5 no that will be all thanks have a great day	thank you i hope you have a good day as well

1 know any good bites around here ?	i have a wide range of places i can recommend first why don t i ask if there is an area in the city that you prefer to dine in ?
2 i would like to dine in the south preferably chinese and expensive	we have two in that area there is "peking restaurant" and "the good luck chinese food takeaway" would you like to book a table at one of these options ?
3 can i just get the address for the peking restaurant ?	absolutely - the peking restaurant is located at 10 homerton street city centre cb28nx can i help with anything else today ?
4 nope that ll do it i m going to go eat ! thanks for your help !	great enjoy your meal ! goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indonesian food	i m sorry there are no expensive restaurants that serve indonesian food can i help you with something else ?
2 can i have a thai food instead ?	bangkok city is thai restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre city
3 address and phone number please	sure bangkok city is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve thai food
5 no thank you ! i ve got all the info i needed goodbye	thank you

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves international food	i m sorry there are no international food restaurants on the south side of town would you like another type of food ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there are the peking restaurant which is expensive the good luck chinese food takeaway which is also expensive and the lucky star which is cheap
3 can i have the address of lucky star ?	cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton 01223 244277
4 thank you !	thank you good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants in the center of town that offer kosher food would you like me to check another area ?
2 are there any kosher restaurants in the city at all ?	i m sorry there are none
3 alright can you find me an indian food restaurant instead ?	sure there are 22 indian places in the city do you have a price range you re looking for ?
4 something expensive please	how about the curry garden in the city center ?
5 sounds perfect can you book a table for 3 at 19:15 on thursday ?	i m sorry i was unable to do so would you like to try another restaurant ?
6 yes just make sure it is something in the expensive range	i was able to book you into the curry garden an expensive indian restaurant in the city center and your reference number is dhf9vbts
7 okay great that is all i need thank you	you re welcome good-bye

1 can you help me find a place to have dinner ?	sure ! what type of food are you looking for and in what area of town ?
2 i d like some good asian oriental food near the centre of town would be great	i found the yippee noodle bar it is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223518111 do you want me to book a table for you ?
3 actually do you have anything that is expensive it s a business meeting so i d like to impress them	there is kymmoy that meets your requirements would you like me to book a table ?
4 yes can you book it for tuesday at 12:00 for 4 people ?	okay i have booked that for you your reference number is 9a4yk0ub is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that is everything that i need thank you so much for your assistance and have a wonderful day	you re very welcome enjoy your dinner !

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves lebanese food	i m sorry but i cannot find any expensive lebanese restaurants
2 can i get the address phone number and area of an italian restaurant ?	how about caffe uno they are in the centre area their address is 32 bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223 448620
3 perfect thank you !	thank you good bye

1 what s available in the centre in the way of cheap places to eat ?	i m showing 15 cheap restaurants in the area do you a preference for a type of food ?
2 no preference would you recommend a restaurant for me ?	how about the dojo noodle bar ? it serves asian oriental food
3 i think that sounds good can you go ahead and book that for me ? i need it for 1 person on wednesday at 14:00 can i also get that reference number ?	there is the dojo noodle bar in the centre would you like me to book a reservation there
4 great yes please do can i get the reference number for that ?	i m sorry i wasn t able to get a table would you like me to try j restaurant with similar cuisine ? or maybe somewhere else ?
5 yes try to book it there and give me the reference number also	i was able to book you at j restaurant the reference number is 1pwmnuik the table will be reserved for 15 minutes
6 thank you for your help that will be all i need for now bye	you are very welcome enjoy your day and your meal on wednesday bye

1 i want to find a seafood restaurant in the centre	i ve found one seafood restaurant in the centre would you like to know more about it ?
2 no that s fine just book me a table for 2 people at 13:00 on saturday	the restaurant is loch fyne they do not have any availability at that time would you like me to try a different time ?
3 let s try a different restaurant in the same area and price range please	there are 5 expensive restaurants in the centre one serves african one serves asian and three serve british which would you prefer ?
4 the african restaurant sounds great can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this saturday ?	i have your reservation made for bedouin on saturday for 2 people at 13:00
5 may i have the reference number for that reservation	the reference number is ch13iby4 anything else i can help you with ?
6 thank you so much that is all i need	you re welcome good-bye

1 is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town ?	i have found two they are da vinci pizzeria and royal spice
2 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	the address for da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 351707 do you need anymore information ?
3 no that will do thanks	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i need a vegetarian restaurant	what area would you like ?
2 east part of town	i m sorry there are no vegetarian restaurants in the east part of town
3 is there an indian restaurant in the east part of town ?	yes there are four indian restaurants in the east part of town what price range would you like ?

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food	there are no such restaurants would you like to make another query ?
2 no thank you	we have a couple of italian restaurants in the west would you like information on those ?
3 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town please	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 i don t care	i recommend rajmahal they serve great indian food would you like their contact information ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number please	rajmahal is located at 7 barnwell road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 244955 will that be all ?
4 yes thank you	you re welcome thank you for using the sytem

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves mexican food	there are no restaurants moderately priced that serves mexican food
2 how about international food ?	bloomsbury restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant that serves international food in the centre part of town
3 what is their address and postcode ?	there address is crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and the post code is cb23dt is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	okay thank you
5 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for using the system

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre	i m sorry there are no moroccan restaurants located in the centre can i help you find something else ?
2 is there an international restaurant in the city centre ?	there are two international restaurants in the centre area the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant both moderately priced would you like me to book you for either one ?
3 could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on thursday ?	you are booked into the bloomsbury restaurant your reference number az9ll6mu do you need help with anything else ?
4 no i think that will be all thank you for your help	you are welcome i hope you enjoy your meal

1 i am looking for indian food in the north part of town	there are two restaurants serving indian food in the north part of town what price range do you want ?
2 i don t care however i would like to know their price range as well as their address and phone number	royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant located at victoria avenue chesterton their number is 01733 553355 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i m looking for a nice italian restaurant nothing too expensive...like mid range ?	i have listing for 5 different ones,can i get what area you are looking for ?
2 i don t care about the area could you book a table for 5 at 12:30 on sunday ?	okay i have booked you at pizza express with reference number nk86vojy may i help with anything else ?
3 nope i think that will do it thank you so much !	you are welcome have a good day

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north may i suggest the nirala which is indian ?
2 what is the phone number and food of one of them ?	the nirala serves indian food it is in the moderate price range and it is on the north part of town the phone number is 01223 360966
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

1 i would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves international food	sorry but there is not matching restaurants serving international food in the west
2 is there any restaurant in the east that serves international food ?	yes the missing sock serves international food and is located in the east part of town
3 can i have the phone number please	there phone number is 01223812660 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all thank you	goodbye

1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food	there are no british restaurants in the north part of town shall i search for something else ?
2 yes i d like the address phone number and price range of the best indian restaurant there is	royal spice is an indian restaurant located in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like their address ?
3 of course !	their address is victoria avenue chesterton postal code c.b 4 1 eh what else can i do for you ?
4 that s it thank you	thank yo and good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves portuguese food	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town
2 what is the phone number and address ?	their phone number is 01223 327908 and address is cambridge leisure park clifton way will that be all ?
3 bye	goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a malaysian restaurant on the north side of town	i m sorry i don t show any results for malaysian restaurants on the north side of town would you like me to search any other areas ?
2 no how about a french restaurant instead ?	how about restaurant two two at 22 chesterton road chesterton
3 phone number please	their phone number is 01223 351880
4 thanks goodbye !	you re quite welcome good bye

1 i m looking for a place to eat i would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre	i found 33 expensive restaurants in the centre what type of cuisine would you like ?
2 i m looking for a restaurant with mediterranean food	i have found two restaurants one is la mimosa and the other is shiraz restaurant would you like me to book one for you ?
3 please book the one is la mimosa	can i please get the number of people dining,day,and time please
4 yes it s for 8 people 16:45 on monday i would like the reference number if it is available	that wasn t available shall i try the shiraz restaurant ?
5 yes please try the shiraz restaurant	you ve got a table for monday at shiraz restaurant your reference number is ns7mcm5b can i help with anything else today ?
6 that will be all thank you very much	you are welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves polish food	there are no cheap restaurants that serve polish food
2 how about a portuguese one ?	so you would like recommendations for a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food ?
3 yes please	there are two restaurants that serve portuguese food and in the cheap price range would you like the center or south area ?

1 i want to have some afghan food	sorry no matches found
2 is there any chinese restaurants in the area ?	there are many chinese restaurants what price range are you looking for ?
3 moderate price range	would you like something in the north or centre of town ?
4 i don t care	jinling noodle bar is a nice place that fits your requirement
5 please give me their number too	jinling noodle bar s number is 01223 566188 would you like the address ?
6 what type of food do they serve ?	jinling noodle bar is a nice chinese restaurant
7 no thank you goodbye	okay goodbye

1 i am looking for irish food that is cheap i will need their phone number too	there are no irish restaurants in the cheap price range would you like something else ?
2 how about vietnamese food ?	the only restaurant meeting your criteria is thanh binh in the west their phone number is 01223 362456

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	i have found several would you like british indian gastropub or chinese ?
2 is there anything else ?	there are no other types of expensive restaurants in the east would you like to try another area ?
3 no that s okay what chinese restaurants are there on the east side ?	yu garden is on the east side would you like the phone number ?
4 is there another chinese restaurant in the east ?	yu garden is the only chinese restaurant on the east side of town in the expensive price range
5 what is the phone number for yu garden ?	the phone number for yu garden is 01223 248882 may i help you with anything else ?
6 no i think that s it thank you for your help	you are very welcome goodbye

1 a moderately priced restaurant in the south please	there are two restaurants in the south area pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum which serves modern european would you like more information ?
2 i would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please	pizza hut cherry hinton is at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and its number is 01223 323737
3 what is the postcode ?	the postcode for pizza hut cherry hinton is c.b.1 7 d.y
4 thank you that ll be all !	thank you and good bye

1 looking for barbeque food	there is not a barbeque restaurant listed may i have you find a different restaurant ?
2 how about gastropub ?	there are four gastropub restaurants i recommend the cow pizza kitchen and bar which is in the center and moderately priced
3 what is the address and phone number ?	their address is corn exchange street and their phone number is 01223 308871
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 yes i needed information about a particular restaurant	i can help with that what is the name of the restaurant ?
2 pizza hut cherry hinton can you provide me with the area they are located in ?	yes they are in the south area
3 that is all i need thank you and good bye	your welcome thank you for calling the cambridge township centre have a great day !

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves indian food	hello i have a bunch of options for you do you have a specific area or price range you are interested in ?
2 i am looking for an indian restaurant in the west	what price range are you interested in ?
3 the restaurant should be in the expensive price range	maharajah tandoori restaurant on 41518 castle street city centre is a good fit for you

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant serving chinese food	what area of town are you looking at ?
2 i don t care	we have four restaurant in the cheap price serving chinese food can i help you with anything else ?
3 yes please i want the address and phone number of anyone of them	charlie chan is located at regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 361763 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome ! goodbye !

1 i am looking for a cheap priced restaurant in the west part of town	la margherita is an italian restaurant located in the west part of town in the cheap price range
2 may i have the address and phone number ?	the address is 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232
3 thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range	i have two restaurants that meet your requirements do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 i would like italian food	i m sorry there are no restaurants matching your request would you like to try something else ?
3 i don t care	nandos is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving portuguese food would you like their phone number ?
4 yes also i will need their address	their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way would you also like the phone number ?
5 yes please give me their number	the phone number for nandos is 01223 327908 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thanks i ll head to nandos now goodbye	have a nice day !

1 i am looking for an international restaurant in the east part of town	i have found one called the missing sock would you like the information for it ?
2 yes please what is its phone number and price range ?	the phone number is 01223 812660 and it is a cheap restaurant
3 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for a chinese restaurant in city centre	how does charlie chan s sound ?
2 is that in the expensive price range ?	no charlin chan is a cheap place the ugly duckling is an expensive chinese restaurant though is that what you would like ?
3 could i have their phone number and address ?	i m sorry the ugly duckling does not have any phone number listed but is located at 12 st johns street city centre
4 do you have any other options for expensive chinese and can you make sure that have a number and address listed as well	sure the tang chinese is also an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre of town their phone number is 01223357187 is there anything else that i can help you with ?
5 i d like their address please	they are located at napier street city centre
6 okay thanks that s all i need	thank you have a nice day goodbye

1 what fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town ?	not sure about fancy but if you are looking for expensive we have grafton hotel restaurant yu garden royal standard pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori
2 do any of them serve chinese food ? that s what i m in the mood for	yes ! yu garden is a wonderful chinese restaurant that will meet your needs would you like a table there or perhaps just the address ?
3 yes the address postcode and phone number would help	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton the post code is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882
4 thank you very much for your help !	you re welcome is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all i need thanks	you are welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye !

1 i want to find a restaurant in the east part of town it serves chinese food what is the address phone number and postcode ?	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east part of town their address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton phone number 01223 248882 and postcode c.b 5 8 pa
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 hi ! i m searching for a panasian restaurant in the south part of town	there are no restaurants matching your request would you like to find another restaurant ?
2 are there any indian restaurants in the south part of town ?	taj tandoori is an indian one in the south part of town
3 what is the phone number of taj tandoori ?	the phone number is 01223 412299
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for restaurants in the north part of town	which price range are you looking in ?
2 i d like a cheap restaurant what types of food are available with those parameters ?	italian and indian food can be found for cheap in the north part of town would you like more information ?
3 can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap indian restaurant in the north ?	royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north it s phone number is 017-335-3355
4 how much is the average dish ?	i am sorry sir this information is not available to us is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	have a good evening

1 i m looking for a restaurant called graffiti	graffiti is an expensive british restaurant in the west would you like me to book it for you ?
2 yes book for 7 people on tuesday for 15:30 please	i m sorry that booking was unsuccessful shall i try for another day or time ?
3 that s too bad please book any other restaurant that is in the west and expensive	okay i ve booked you at travellers rest which also serves british food your reference number is foejzbzi anything else i can help with ?
4 that is all thanks	have a good day
5 thank you you too	thank you and enjoy your meal

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre	i show up to fifteen possibilities will you tell me your food preference ? this will limit our search slightly
2 i like greek food	i see several cheap restaurants in the area one is mediterranean it is called the gardenia
3 just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at 17:15	okay i have booked a table for 1 on wednesday at 1715 at gardenia

1 can you find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food ?	sorry looks like there aren t any venetian restaurants that are expensive would you like something else ?
2 yes i would be interested in one that serves chinese food where would you recommend ?	the "yu garden" is a nice place

1 i want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant	there are two gastropub s in the centre of town in the expensive price range would you like me to book one ?
2 yeah i need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 12:30 please	would you like me to book your reservation in the centre of town or east ?
3 the center of town would be best	your reservations are complete at the backstreet bistro your reference number is 7h01dzw5
4 thank you so much i don t think i need anything further	you re welcome i hope you enjoy your meal feel free to call us again if you need anything else goodbye

1 hi i m looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre ?	yes i have several chinese and asian restaurants do any of these interest you ?
2 yes i would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on saturday	ok i was able to get you a table at dojo noodle bar the reference number is t5aaepl9 and they ll hold the table for 15 minutes is that good ?
3 yes thank you	will you be needing anything else today ?
4 no thank you	glad that i could help enjoy your visit don t hesitate to contact me if you need anything else goodbye

1 could you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food ?	sure thing ! where are you located ?
2 i don t care what part of town the restaurant is in	how about shiraz restaurant ?
3 what is their phone number and post code ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 d.p and their phone number is 01223307581
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal

1 looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food	i did not find any restaurants with that criteria do you want to change the area ?
2 will you look for indian food in the east ?	how about curry prince ? it is indian food
3 perfect ! i would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on tuesday	i was unable to complete your booking would you like to try another day or time slot ?
4 would 15:00 on the same day work ?	the booking was successful for tuesday at 15:00 for a party of 2 your reference number is h2voxsp6 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thanks !	you are welcome !

1 i am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving thai food	there are two thai locations would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or west part of town ?
2 i don t care	sala thong is an expensive thai restaurant in the west would you like their information ?
3 yes please may i have their address and phone number ?	sala thong is located at 35 newnham road newnham and their phone number is 01223 323178 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 that is all thank you goodbye	you are welcome good bye

1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	there are two choices in the south part of town with moderate price one is pizza hut cherry hinton which is italian food and the other is restaurant alimentum which is modern european food
2 what is the address and phone number of alimentum ?	restaurant alimentum is located at 152 - 154 hills road and the phone number is 01223 413000
3 thank you very much good bye	you re very welcome good bye

1 i don t care about price range find me an european food restaurant please	cambridge lodge restaurant is a restaurant that serves european food would you like more information ?
2 what ids the address and phone number ?	thier phone number is 01223 355166 and address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 great ! thank you very much	thank you bye
4 good bye	good day !
5 good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner	i have several high end options available did you have a preference on the type of cuisine ?
2 no i don t have a preference	then may i recommend restaurant two two it is french and tre manufique ! would you like to make reservations ?
3 have you eaten there ?	yes would you like to book a table ?
4 sure can you please book a table for four in the evening	i would be happy to make you a reservation first i will need to know what day and time you d like to reserve for
5 for 4 people at 13:45 on saturday i d also like the booking reference number please	ok i have booked your reservation the reference number is rbbhgyrv
6 great thanks a lot !	is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
7 no that s all thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town	do you have a particular food type in mind today ?
2 any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 great can i please have their address and postcode ?	meghna is at 205 victoria road chesterton and the postal code is c.b 4 3 lf can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 i want a jamaican food restaurant in the centre part of town	there are no jamaican restaurants in the center part of town do you have another cuisine or area preference ?
2 are there any international restaurants in the centre ?	there are two international restaurants in the centre area both moderately priced would you like their addresses ?
3 i don t care	may i recommend bloomsbury restaurant which is an international restaurant in the centre and is moderately priced ?
4 what is the phone number and price range ?	bloomsbury restaurant is moderately priced and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180
5 thank you that sounds good	thank you for using our system would you like anything else ?
6 thank you goodbye	good bye

1 i m going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town	there are 5 restaurants that meet your criteria can i interest you in asia chinese european or french cuisine ?
2 no i really prefer indian if possible	i m sorry there are no expensive indian restaurants on the north side
3 aww that s too bad hmm can you see if there is an expensive asian oriental restaurant on the north side ?	there is saigon city would you like me to book a table for 2 ?
4 that sounds good i want to book a table for 5 people on saturday at 17:45	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : hno7wymg is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that was all i needed thank you so much goodbye !	have a great time good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves russian food	there are no russian restaurants in the centre of town would you like something else ?
2 yes please is there any restaurant serve british food ?	there is one moderately priced british restaurant and one expensive restaurant do you have a preference ?
3 no what is the address and phone number ?	fitzbillies restaurant s phone number is 01223 352500 their address is 51 trumpington street city centre
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves tuscan food	i m sorry there are no locations serving tuscan food on the north side town
2 how about chinese type of food ?	yes there are 3 chinese restaurants in the north what price range would you prefer ?
3 price doesn t matter suggest one please	golden wok serves chinese food and is located in the north part of town
4 thank you goodbye !	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 hi i am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town	i ve found a lot of restaurants in the centre is there a specific type of food you re looking for ?
2 it should serve portuguese food in the cheap price range	nandos city centre is your place would you like to book ?
3 yes i need a table for two on wednesday	what time on wednesday would you like ?
4 book it for 15:30 please	that time is not available.would you like a different time ?

1 i want english food	please tell me the price range you would like today
2 i don t care	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving english food near your area
3 how about italian food then please give me phone number and postcode please	ask serves italian food is in the center of town and in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 364917 and their postcode is c.b 2 1 uf
4 thank you good bye	thank you and good bye

1 can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre ?	sure ! are you looking for any particular type of food such as african british chinese etc ?
2 no type of food but i d like it to be in the moderate range please	great i have yippee noodle bar that meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes there are five of us for monday at 19:45 please	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : sopggcup
4 thank you for your help	you are more than welcome !
5 great towninfo service goodbye	you re more than welcome have a great day

1 hey i m trying to find a restaurant called taj tandoori what do you know about that ?	i show the taj tandoori located in the south they serve indian style cuisine and are in the expensive price range may i book a table for you ?
2 yes please i would like a reservation for 4 people at 15:00 on tuesday	i m sorry but there wasn t a table available at that time would you like to try another restaurant ?
3 yes please if you could find one similar to taj tandoori that would be perfect	i m sorry taj tandoori is the only indian cuisine available in the south would you like to try a different cuisine ?
4 sure but let s try to keep it in the same area and price range please	i booked a table for you at peking restaurant reference number is xpe4eogj anything else today ?
5 okay that is all i need at the moment	okay enjoy your dining experience

1 hello please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves polish food	there are no restaurants that meet that criteria would you like me to look for polish food in another area ?
2 yes please i would just need it to be in the cheap price range	i do not have any polish restaurants in the cheap price range would you like a different restaurant or cuisine ?
3 yes let s try italian food	great da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north would you like me to make a reservation there ?
4 book a table for 1 person at 16:00 on saturday	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another cuisine or different area ?
5 i d like a restaurant in the same area and price range it doesn t matter what cuisine	booking was successful at royal spice the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : kejqjlss
6 thank you that was all i needed	you re welcome good-bye

1 i m looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of cambridge	i have an italian place and a vietnamese which would you prefer ?
2 i would actually prefer some cheap lebanese food if possible ?	i am sorry i have no results for restaurants serving lebanese food in the west would you like to find another type of cuisine ?
3 ok maybe we can try the vietnamese one you mentioned	okay would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 um i think i ll just take the postcode and the name for now thanks	the vietnamese restaurant is called thanh binh and is located in the cb30af postcode is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 nope that is all i needed thank you so much !	thank you for choosing cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

1 i need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced thank you	golden wok is a moderately priced chinese food restaurant in the north part of town their number is 01223 350688
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
3 thank you goodbye	good day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food	there are two restaurants serving spanish food in the cheap and moderate price range which price range would you prefer ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves lebanese food	ali baba serves lebanese food would you like the location information ?
3 yes please i would like the address and phone number	the phone number for ali baba is 01462 432565 and their address is 59 hills road city centre can i help you with anything else today ?
4 thank you no that s all i need goodbye !	thanks for using cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 where can i get swiss food in town ?	there are no venues serving swiss food
2 how about indian food ? can i have the address and phone number ?	cocum serves indian food its address is 71 castle street city centre and the phone number is 01223 366668 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 can you give me information on a restaurant called graffiti ?	graffiti is a british restaurant on hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road would you like more information or a reservation ?
2 i would like to book a table for 2 for wednesday please	i can absolutely do that for you what time would you like me to make that reservation for ?
3 at 14:00 please	i am sorry they do not have a table at that time perhaps another restaurant ?
4 are there any other restaurants in that area in the same price range ?	i booked travellers rest for you it is also an expensive british restaurant reference number 1jyrfrt0 will that be all for today ?
5 if travellers rest is in the same area as grafitti then that will be all thank you for your help !	enjoy the rest fo your day

1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves greek food	i am sorry there no restaurants matching what you want is there anything else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	would you like something in the expensive or cheap price range ?
3 cheap i think	the lucky star serves chinese food is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like more information for them ?
4 what is the address ?	cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
6 goodbye	good bye

1 hi have you heard of the j restaurant ? i d like some information about it	it s a cheap asian oriental restaurant located in the centre area of town would you like to book a table ?
2 no thanks that s all i needed to know	sure is there anything else i can do for you before we go ?
3 no that should do it later	have a wonderful day !

1 i would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock serves international cuisine at a cheap price they are in the east part of town at finders corner newmarket road
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the missing sock s phone number is 01223 812660 and the post code is c b 25 9 a q is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you	thank you for using our system is that all you need today ?
4 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn t cost a lot of money in fact i need one that s quite inexpensive	nandos is a nice place it serves portuguese food and it is in the cheap price range and the south part of town is there anything else ?
2 yes what is there address	nandos s address is cambridge leisure park clifton way c.b 1 7 d.y
3 thank you good bye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	there are two restaurants that fit your criteria would you prefer italian or indian food ?
2 let s try indian please	royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and in the north part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what is the name of the italian restaurant ?	da vinci pizzeria
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
5 thanks so much !	thank you good bye

1 i am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving indian food	there are 4 places serving indian food in the moderate price range do you have a preferred area to dine at ?
2 the west	i have narrowed it down to meghna which serves indian food would you like me to book this for you ?
3 yes could you please make a reservation for saturday for 7 people at 15:00 ?	sorry that time slot doesn t work for what you would like would you like to change the day or time ?
4 how about 14:00 then ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : nr6vpa82
5 excellent that s all i need thank you !	thank you so much have a great day !
6 could you repeat the reference number please	reference number is : nr6vpa82
7 thanks again for all your help	you are very welcome feel free to call again in the future have a great morning

1 i would like a moderately priced indian food please	i have 4 different indian restaurants all over the city is there a certain area you prefer ?
2 how about the west ? i will need a table for 4 on friday at 13:15	the only moderate indian restaurant in that area is meghna and they are not available for that time can i try something else ?
3 is there anything available for 12:15 on friday ?	yes that worked you are set for 12:15 and the reference number is abc08p2a can i be of further assistance ?
4 i will need a taxi to take me there	can you please tell me where you will be leaving from so i can book your taxi ?
5 nevermind i m sorry i think i m all set	alrighty have a good day !

1 hello i m trying to find a restaurant that serves swiss food can you recommend anything to me ?	unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve swiss food in this area would you consider trying a different cuisine ?
2 oh okay what are my choices for british food then ?	there are several restaurants that serve british food in this area cotto has great food in a moderate price range it is located at 183 east road city centre
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 302010
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i want british food that is moderately priced	there are several restaurants serving british food would you prefer the centre or west part of town ?
2 how about the west part of town	saint johns chop house matches your request it is located at 21-24 northampton street c.b 3 0 a.d the phone number is 01223 353110
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food	i apologize but i was not able to find a moderately priced bistro would you be interested in a different type of restaurant ?
2 how about one that serves british food then ?	i have found a few british restaurants in your price range do you want a specific part of town ?
3 no could you recommend me a place ? i m looking for to book a table for 2 on thursday at 11:30	okay i ve booked you at the oak bistro with reference number anamhnow may i help with anything else ?
4 no thank you it s perfect thank you for your help	have a great day

1 i m looking for a restaurant named panahar	ok would you like me to make a reservation at panahar ?
2 yes for five people	ok for what day and time please ?
3 that information is at 13:45 on sunday	the booking was unsuccessful is there another time you would like me to look for ?
4 is there another restaurant in the area for us at this time within the same price range ?	there are 33 restaurants that satisfy your preferences are you keen on eating a particular cuisine ?
5 i don t have any preferences pick one you like	i booked you a table in kymmoy they serve asian oriental cuisine your reference number is w8m1hz59
6 thank you ! have a nice day !	you are welcome enjoy your evening !

1 i want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town what type of food would you like ?
2 i don t care can i also have the postcode and phone number ?	meghna is in the west part of town and serving indian food the phone number is 01223727410 and postcode is cb43lf is there anything i can help you with ?
3 no that is all thank you goodbye	have a good evening

1 cheap restaurant in the north address and phone number please	there are two restaurants in the cheap category in that area would you prefer italian or indian ?
2 i would prefer italian	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 i need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre can you help me ?	what type of food are you looking to eat ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap range i would like a table for 7 people at 12:30 on wednesday	there are 15 such restaurants i d suggest the dojo noodle bar which serves asian oriental food would that work for you ?
3 yes the dojo noodle bar sounds perfect	booking was unsuccessful want to try another restaurant ?
4 sure find me something else	i was able to book a table for you at charlie chan chinese restaurant on regent street reference number z3fwsa48 will that be all ?
5 yes thank you for your help	yes thank you very much !

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the cheap price range	we have 15 restaurants that fit that price range is there a specific type of food that you are looking for so i can narrow it down a bit more ?
2 how about an indian or thai place ?	there are no thai restaurants there are three indian restaurants called kohinoor the gandhi and mahal of cambridge which one do you prefer ?
3 are there any spanish food restaurants ?	yes there is one called la raza that fits your requests would you like me to book a table for you ?
4 are there any that serve catalan cuisine specifically ?	i m afraid we don t have any catalan restaurants
5 then go ahead and book la raza for me we have 4 people at 17:00 on monday	that restaurant is not available at that time do you want me to try another time ?
6 can you look for a restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i got you booked at the kohinoor your reference number is: 7q9m2vyf is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 okay great ! thank you so much	enjoy the rest of your day

1 are there any casual restaurants in the south ?	yes would you like an expensive cheap or moderately priced restaurant ?
2 i would like it to be in the moderate price range	i found 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south one serves italian and the other modern european food would you like me to book at one of these ?
3 modern european sounds wonderful yes please book a table for 1 at 14:45 on friday	that wasn t available i did book you in the other one though the pizza hut in cherry hinton is located on clifton way reference number p2o7es3d will that be acceptable ?
4 yes that would be fine thank you for your help today bye	you re welcome good-bye

1 i want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food	sorry there are no restaurants serving persian food available may i help you find a different sort of food ?
2 vietnamese please give me their address and phone number as well	yes the restaurant name is thanh binh the phone number is 01223 362456 the address is 17 magdalene street city centre

1 yes i m looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving international food	the missing sock is in the east part of town and it serves international food
2 may i have their phone number please ?	the phone number for the missing sock is 01223 812660
3 okay thank you	is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 thank you for using our system and please return with any other inquiries	you re welcome good bye
5 goodbye !	have a nice day

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food and in the east part of town	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east area
2 what is the address phone number and price range of the grafton hotel restaurant ?	grafton hotel restaurant s address is 619 newmarket road fen ditton their phone number is 01223 241387 and it is listed in the expensive price range
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

1 heya can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food ?	i actually cannot find any expensive restaurants with north african food there is however an expensive restaurant with african food would that be okay ?
2 are there any expensive restaurants with gastropub food ?	yes i have 3 two are located in the centre and one is located in the east do you have a preference ?
3 yes the one in the east please	one in the east is called royal standard can i book a table for you ?
4 yes please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on monday	i m sorry that isn t available can i try a different restaurant for you ?
5 no thank you that will be all	is there anything else i can assist you with ?
6 that was all thank you	thank you good bye

1 i am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and expensive	i am sorry there are no restaurants that serve swedish food in the expensive range would you like to try another type of cuisine ?
2 how about indian or italian then ?	stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a nice place.do you want the address ?

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves halal food	i cannot find any restaurants serving halal food do you have any other preferences ?
2 how about indian food ?	the cocum serves indian food
3 what is their address and phone number ?	their address is 71 castle street city centre their phone number is 01223 366668
4 is cocum located in the east part of town ?	no the cocum is located on the west part of town would you like me to find an indian restaurant on the east part of town ?
5 correct	i have 4 indian restaurants showing for the east part of town they are curry prince pipasha resteraunt rajmahal and sitar tandoori

1 can you help me find a restaurant please ?	certainly to narrow it down do you have a preference for what part of the city it is in or what type of food is served ?
2 i want one in the certre area and in the moderate price range	i have found some restaurants they serve asian oriental british chinese european gastropub international italian lebanese modern european spanish and turkish
3 i don t care what type of food they serve what would you recommend ?	i ve heard good things about riverside brasserie they serve modern european cuisine would you like to see if they have tables available ?
4 that sounds good i have a group of seven and we want to eat at 20:00 on friday	unfortunately i wasn t able to get the reservation for you would you like me to try somewhere else ?
5 can you recommend another moderately priced restaurant located in the centre ?	what about the copper kettle ? they serve british cuisine
6 that would work please book that	good news ! booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : zxiry17r
7 thanks for all your help good bye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for an upscale restaurant with european food please	eraina is an an upscale restaurant serving european food
2 is there anything else available ?	yes the cambridge lodge restaurant is also an upscale restaurant serving european food
3 what is there address and area ?	the cambridge lodge restaurant is located is the west part of town at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre is there anything else you need ?
4 no thank you that is all the info i needed	thank you

1 i am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town	what price range are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	unfortunately there are no cantonese restaurants in the north part of town
3 okay then how about a restaurant that serves asian oriental type of food in the north part of town then ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food and is located in the north part of town would you like their location ?
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for saigon city is 169 high street chesterton chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555
5 thank you for the information bye now	thank you

1 i want to eat someplace with unusual food price is no object what can you suggest ?	i m sorry there is nothing meeting your criteria what other type of cuisine would you like ?
2 hmm i m not sure it needs to be expensive and i really had my heart set on unusual	there are no restaurants anywhere in cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." would you like to broaden your search criteria ?
3 then find a european one	i have 5 european restaurants to choose from i have options in the centre north and west which would you prefer to dine in ?
4 i would like one in the centre area please	how about eraina which serves european food and is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range ?
5 that sounds good ! can you book a table for 6 people at 12:45 on wednesday ?	that booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is 4oqdti8c is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 i think that is all i need thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i want a cheap european restaurant please	the river bar steakhouse and grill is in the cheap price range and features a modern european menu
2 what is the address and phone number ?	it is located at quayside off bridge street the phone number is is 01223 301030
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome have a good evening and enjoy

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the south part of town would you like their location ?
2 yes i d like the address phone number and postcode please	chiquito restaurant bar is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the postal code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223400170
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome ! goodbye

1 i would like a european restaurant in the west part of town please	the cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food in the west part of town
2 phone number and address please	the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre their number is 01223 355166 is there anything else i can find for you ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i am looking for a place to eat in town centre	there are 69 different places to choose from what type of food would you like ?
2 it doesn t matter as long as it is cheap	i have 15 restaurants that match your description ? is there a specific cuisine you would like ?
3 i don t care about the cuisine would you book a table for 4 people at 16:00 on wednesday ?	i made a reservation for you at j restaurant at 86 regent street reference number uwvrjc3m can i help you further today ?
4 that will be all thank you very much for your help	your welcome have a good day

1 i have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre can you help me ?	i am sorry there are no listings would there be another area i can search for you ?
2 how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre instead ?	i have 3 restaurants two are expensive and one is moderate would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on sunday ?	it can not i am sorry shall i try another ?
4 can i get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced ?	how about the oak bistro ? it s a british restaurant in the centre also moderately priced
5 that sounds amazing please try to book that for me	your booking was successful your booking number was 13hisqu8 can i assist you with anything else today ?
6 no that s all i needed have a nice day	thank you you have a good day too

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range	ok i have 15 options for you in many cuisines do you have a cuisine preference or would you like me to recommend a restaurant ?
2 i don t have a preference what would you suggest and can you provide me with the address and phone number ?	how about the rice house ? it is located at 88 mill road city centre and their number is 01223367755
3 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services is there anything else we can help you with ?

1 yes i am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town	there are 5 options what food type would you like ?
2 what type of cuisine options do i have ?	you can choose between mexican italian indian and chinese
3 i would like mexican i would need a table for 6 at 16:00 on monday	i m sorry but they have no openings at that time care to try a different day or perhaps a different time ?
4 how about 15:00 for 6 people on monday ?	yes i ve successfully booked your reservation for 15:00 anything else ?
5 could i get that reference number ?	yes the reference number is sei1me8k the chiquito restaurant bar will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00 can i help you with anything else ?
6 thanks ! that will be all for today	you re welcome have a nice day

1 hello i m looking for a hotel called eraina can you help ?	eraina is actually a european restaurant not a hotel is that what you were looking for ?
2 sorry yes the restaurant named eraina i would like to book a reservation for tuesday 15:15 for 1 person	there appears to be no availability at that time would you prefer a different restaurant ?
3 how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in that area,do you want me to check on another area ?
4 no could you double check that ? i want a restaurant in the same area and price range as the eraina type of food doesn t matter	i have an asian restaurant called kymmoy that is in the same price range would you be interested ?
5 yes will you see if you can book a table for me ? and give me the reference number if you can ?	booked ! reference number: pleil8mj will be held for 15 minutes
6 wonderful thank you so much for your assistance	thank you and enjoy your meal at the kymmoy have a great day

1 looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range	there are several moderately priced restaurants do you have a preference to the area of town ?
2 i don t care about the area of town but i d like cuban food	there are no results for moderately priced cuban food restaurants is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 are there any international restaurants in the moderate range ?	there is an international restaurant in the moderate range called the varsity restaurant in the centre area of town
4 can i get the address and postcode please ?	the address of the varsity restaurant is 35 saint andrews street city centre and the postcode is c.b 2 3 ar
5 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i d like a restaurant with korean food please	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the city centre serving expensive food
2 what is their address and phone number ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre and their telephone number is 01223 308681
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a german restaurant in the west part of town	there are no german restaurants in the west part of town would you like to make another query ?
2 how about italian ?	there are several italian restaurants in the west part of town la margherita is cheap and prezzo is moderate would you like the address of one of those ?
3 what is the phone number of one of them ?	the phone number to prezzo which is moderately priced is 01799 521260 is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i d looking for a good restaurant on the east side i d prefer the moderate price range if possible	would you prefer indian or italian food ?
2 i would like indian please	there is curry prince and rajmahal would either of those work for you ?
3 i d like to book curry prince for 6 people at 15:45 on saturday please	alright i have you reservation made the reference number is smamrcq9
4 great thanks for your help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be everything today thank you	thank you goodbye

1 yes i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	curry prince serves indian food in the moderate price range and in the east part of town
2 is there any other restaurant ?	pizza hut fen ditton is in the east part of town and serves moderately priced italian food
3 what is the address ?	pizza hut fen ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?

1 hello ! i m looking for a nice restaurant that serves scottish food can you recommend one ?	certainly is there a certain area of town that you d like to stay in ?
2 no any part of town is good	i m sorry there aren t any scottish food restaurants would you like something else ?
3 how about a restaurant that serves british food ?	the cotto serves british food it is in the centre of town in the moderate price range
4 may i get the restaurant phone number please ?	cotto s phone number is 01223 302010
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center	there are 33 entries that meet your request is there a type of food you are looking for ?
2 no i really don t mind recommend one to me	how about bedouin ? it is an african cuisine that is in the expensive price range
3 that sounds wonderful can you give me the address and postcode ?	the bedouin s address is 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is cb12bd can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that s all thank you	okay have a great meal !

1 i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves malaysian food	there are no malaysian restaurants would you like something different ?
2 north american please give me their price range and their address and phone number please	gourmet burger kitchen is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 312598 and their address is regent street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using cambridge restaurant system enjoy your meal !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food	there is an african restaurant in the centre area called bedouin
2 what are the address and postcode please ?	bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is cb12bd is there anything else i can help with ?
3 that s all thanks !	thank you for using our system goodbye

1 yes i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	would you prefer british indian or italian food ?
2 indian please	meghna is an indian restaurant would you like the phone number ?
3 yes please and also the address	the address is 205 victoria road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410
4 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

1 is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food ?	i m sorry but there aren t any venues offering caribbean food in the expensive price range
2 how about thai ?	there s bangkok city in the centre of town and sala thong on the west side
3 great what is the address and phone number for bangkok city ?	their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 green street city centre

1 can you help me find a cheap place to eat ?	there are 22 restarants serving cheap food what type of food would you like ?
2 indian would be good as long as it s in the center i need to book a table for 2 people at 18:15 on a sunday	the gandhi has great food at an even better price ! should i book you a table here ?
3 yes that would be fine	unfortunately there are no tables available for sunday at 18:15 would you like to try for a different day or time ?
4 yes can you try sunday at 17:30 please	i m sorry but booking was unsuccessful could you try a different day or time ?
5 do you have anything available for sunday ?	no could you try another day and time ?
6 how about 17:15 ?	i was able to book the table for you for your party of 2 on sunday at 17:15 the reference number is z16ztxky
7 great that ll be everything thank you !	thank you good bye

1 i m trying to find a restaurant that serves crossover food can you recommend anything ?	what area were you looking for ?
2 anywhere really	which price range are you looking for ?
3 i am looking for something in the expensive price range	no restaurants match that request can i search for something different for you ?
4 can i get an italian restaurant ? address and phone number please	an expensive italian restaurant is found in the center of town caffe uno the address is 32 bridge street city centre the phone number is 01223 448620
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye

1 i m looking for a korean restaurant that s expensive	little seoul is exactly what you re looking for !
2 is it in the centre of town ?	indeed it is would you like for me reserve you a table ?
3 yes please ! i need a table for 8 on wednesday at 12:00	hmm i m not able to book at that time would you like to try another time or day ?
4 how about 11:00 on wednesday instead ?	i was able to make your reservation for 8 at 11:00 on wednesday your reference number is pmz9sezp do you need anything else ?
5 no that will be everything today thank you	have a great day

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves lebanese food	the ali baba restaraunt serves lebanese food and is in the moderate price range
2 tell me the address and phone number of ali baba restaraunt	their address is 59 hills road city centre and their phone number is 01462 432565
3 thank you bye bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

1 i need an expensive restaurant	there are 57 expensive restaurants in the city is there a particular area you would prefer to dine in ?
2 i would like chinese food in the centre please	there are 4 can i make a reservation at one of them ? possibly tang chinese ?
3 i need a table for 7 at 19:45 on sunday	i was able to book you at hk fusion on sunday reference number 5up22ra is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that will be all thanks	okay enjoy your dinner

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a nice restaurant in the east part of town in the cheap price range
2 what is the address and phone number ?	the address of the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road and the phone number is 01223 812660 may i help you with anything else today ?
3 no thank you i have everything i need thank you and goodbye !	thank you for using our system good bye
4 goodbye	goodbye

1 can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at ?	the are two expensive asian oriental restaurants available saigon city in the north area and kymmoy in the centre area
2 kymmoy in the centre area is great would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on thursday for me ?	it is not open then shall i try another time or another place to eat ?
3 let s try another restaurant	i have booked you at saigon city in the north area 52 mill road city centre your reference number is 2obvxf1o
4 okay great that is all i need at the moment	it was my pleasure thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre you have a great day !

1 can you help me find a chinese restaurant please ?	i m sure i can we have 17 chinese restaurants is there an area of town you d prefer ?
2 i would like to be in the centre of town and if it could be inexpensive that would be ideal	how about the charlie chan restaurant ?
3 do they have a table available for 5 people on wednesday night ?	for what time please ?
4 i would like the reservation at 19:30 please	i m sorry but i was unable to make a booking could we try another day or time ?
5 can you try a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in the same area and price range
6 what about another restaurant in a different area but same price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in any other areas,could i check another price range ?
7 no thank you i need it in that area and pricerange	there is an asian oriental cheap restaurants called dojo noodle bar would you like to book there instead ?
8 i suppose that would be all right	a table is reserved for you at dojo noodle bar your reference number is aeqlol33
9 thank you for all your help today	have a lovely day goodbye

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	what food type are you looking for ?
2 any type of restaurant will be fine	da vinci pizzeria is located in the north part of town and in the cheap price range

1 i m looking for a japanese restaurant in town	wagamama is a japanese restaurant in the centre of town would you like their location ?
2 yes what is their address and phone number ?	its address is 36 saint andrews street and phone number is 01223 462354
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome have a good day !

1 i want afghan food in the centre of town	what price range are you looking for ?
2 any price range will be fine	what area are you looking for ?
3 centre part of town	there are no restaurants that serve afghan food in the center of town
4 how about a place serving turkish food ?	there are three restaurants the locations are bridge street city centre king street city centre and the more expensive is on mill road city centre which do you prefer ?
5 i don t care	anatolia meets your criteria would you like their contact information ?
6 yes what is their price range and address ?	anatolia is in the moderate price range and is located at 30 bridge street city centre
7 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 i m looking for hungarian food in the centre	i m sorry there are no hungarian restaurants listed in the centre part of town would you like to try something else ?
2 how about turkish food ?	there are three restaurants that serve turkish food in the center of town what price range would you like ?
3 no preference about price range	how about anatolia ? it serves turkish food and it is in the centre of town
4 what is anatolia s address ?	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 what s the price range ?	anatolia is in the moderate price range
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with afternoon tea	unfortunately i don t have any places that serve tea that are expensive did you want me to try a different price range or type of cuisine served ?
2 no thanks instead could you tell me where to get thai food ?	i found two thai restaurants one is in the west and one in centre which would you prefer ?
3 the one in the centre is fine i would like a table for 1 at 14:15 friday please	for how many people ?
4 can you make sure that s an expensive restaurant ?	it is an expensive restaurant yes
5 great can i reserve that for 1 person at 14:15 on friday please ?	your table is booked for friday at 14:15 for 1 person the reference number is kss0di7c it is only reserved for 15 minutes so please arrive on time
6 thank you very much that is all i ll need today !	thank you for contacting us have a good trip to cambridge

1 i am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre can you help me please ?	we have nine indian restaurants in the centre with prices ranging from cheap to expensive do you have a preference ?
2 i would like a restaurant in the expensive range	there are several would you like to book a table to panahar or perhaps one of the others ?
3 yes please make a reservation for 6 people at panahar on sunday at 13:00	you are booked at panahar on sunday at 13:00 for 6 people is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 may i have the reference number for the reservation ?	i am so sorry but the panahar is fully booked my i find another restaurant for you that serves indian food ?
5 yes please in the same area and price range please	okay i was able to get you into the golden curry instead your reference number is oxkpjh2r
6 thank you so much have a great day	you are so welcome

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food	there are no restaurants that serve swedish food are you interested in some other type of food ?
2 yes how about north american food i will also need the address phone number and postcode	there is one location that servies north american food it is and expensive restaurant in the centre of town
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	the gourmet burger kitchen s phone number is 01223 312598 they are loated at regent street city centre and there post code is .c.b 2 1 a.b
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town ?	there are two choices in the south area serving cheap food do you prefer portuguese or chinese ?
2 i do not have a preference	nandos is the portuguese place and the lucky star is chinese would you like more information on one or both of those ?
3 please give me the address and phone number for nandos	nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way and their number is 01223 327908 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town	there are thirty-three results would you like a specific type of food ?
2 i am looking for italian food	can i recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 market hill city centre ?
3 okay let s book a table for five on wednesday at 14:45	i was unable to book at 14:45 can i try another time for you ?
4 no 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me ?	can i recommend clowns cafe located on 54 king street city centre ?
5 sure and give me the reference number too please	okay i have booked you there and your reference number is o7fj870g
6 thank you so much for your time that will be all	so happy to help and thanks for using cambridge towninfo service today !

1 can you find the restaurant names loch fyne ?	sure ! loch fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please i need one for friday at 13:45 i ll be dining alone	i apologize but i was unable to book you for the restaurant would you like for me to find you another restaurant ?
3 sure any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine	there are many resturants that meet those criteria would you prefer african asian british chrinese european french gastropub indian italian japanese korean mediterranean north american turkish or thai ?
4 can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange ?	could i suggest going out of the norm and trying bedouin ? it s an african restaurant in the same price range and area
5 yes please book the restaurant bedouin for me	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : mtbhnb92 anything else ?
6 no that will be all thanks for all of your help sorry i was such a bother	no problem at all have a great day !
7 thank you ! you were great !	thank you have a great day !

1 i m hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves british food	how about the oak bistro on lensfield road ?
2 what is the price range ? it needs to be moderate	the oak bistros price range is moderate would you like more information on it or to book a table ?
3 i d like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on friday please	the oak bistro is fully booked do you want me to try another restaurant in the centre serving moderate british food ?
4 yes please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate british food	i was able to book restaurant one seven reference number is xxz4d253
5 sounds wonderful thank you for your help that is all i need bye	thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food in the centre	there are no restaurants that serve swedish food in the centre what would you like to do ?
2 well the restaurant should be expensive are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town ?	yes many it all depends on what type of cuisine you re after
3 what about a restaurant that serves gastropub food ?	i was able to find two restaurants that serve gastropub for you i have backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce both located in the centre of town
4 can i get a table for 1 at the backstreet bistro ? saturday at 17:15 if possible	it s all booked your reference number is stq9n9uv
5 excellent that will be everything thank you !	you re welcome have a great day !

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town	certainly some choices that fit your criteria are bedouin kymmoy and fitzbillies restaurant
2 what are the different food types of these restaurants ?	in the same order: african asian oriental british do any of these fancy you ?
3 not actually i won t be needing anything else at this time thank you good bye	you don t need any other information ?
4 that s all i need from you today thanks	alright i hope you have a wonderful day !
5 thank you for your help	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town	ok is there a specific restaurant you are looking for ?
2 moderately priced restaurant	curry prince is moderately priced and in the east part of town alternatively so is rajmahal
3 what is the phone number and postcode of curry prince ?	the phone number is 01223 566388 and the postcode is cb58jj
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range	i have the oak bistro they serve british food
2 is there any place that serves international food ?	there are two international restaurants that are in the moderate price range: the varsity restaurant and the bloomsbury restaurant
3 either would be fine could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 17:30 on wednesday ?	i ve booked you a table for eight your reference number is pjyz9vq9 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is all thanks good bye	thank you for using our services

1 i need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north can you help me ?	yes there are two listings one for italian and one for indian food,are those the types of food you are looking for ?
2 i don t care as long as it s cheap it s fine which do you recommend ?	can i recommend royal spice located on victoria avenue chesterton ? would you like to make a booking there ?
3 yes i would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on friday night	i m sorry we were not able to book that restaurant how about da vinci pizzeria located at 20 milton road chesterton ?
4 how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	yes sure i got you into da vinci pizzeria and your reference number is iqa12p3u
5 thank you so much that is all i need	thank you that was all i needed

1 malaysian food in the west part of town	there aren t any malaysian restaurants in the west part of town would you like to expand the search ?
2 how about thai food in the west part of town ?	sala thong is a restaurant that serves thai food
3 what is the address phone number and price range ?	sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 newnham road newnham their number is 01223 323178 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves caribbean food and in the moderate price range	there is not a caribbean restaurant in the moderate price range would you like a different restaurant ?
2 are there any spanish restaurants ?	yes la tasca is a nice spanish restaurant in the moderate price range
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	la tasca is located at 14 -16 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 uf their phone number is 1223 464630 may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 can you find me a chinese restaurant please ?	sure there are 17 chinese restaurants in town are you looking for a certain price range or location ?
2 yes i would like it to be in the expensive price range	i have found 5 that fit that description is there a particular area you would like ?
3 i would like to book a table for 6 at 15:15 on tuesday	i was able to get a table at hakka in the north the reference number is 7kw8mvl3 and they ll keep the table for 15 minutes does that suit you ?
4 yes thank you that s all for now bye !	thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at the hakka have a great day

1 i am looking for the addresses of each of the moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town	the address for pizza hut cherry hinton is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the address for restaurant alimentum is 152 - 154 hills road
2 is there anything else ?	there is restaurant alimentum which is a modern european restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 could you give me the address for restaurant alimentum ?	restaurant alimentum s address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you for using our system goodbye

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town can you provide me with a list of my options ?	kymmoy is located in the centre of town
2 may i have the postcode to kymmoy please ?	certainly the postcode is cb12as is there any other information you need ?
3 that s all that i needed thank you !	you re welcome have a great day !

1 i need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west part of town their phone number is 01799 521260
2 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for the address and price range of a restaurant serving chinese food in the south part of town	peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range their address is 10 homerton street city centre
2 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a wonderful day !
3 thanks again goodbye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 are there any mexican restaurants in the centre ?	sorry no there are no mexican restaurants in the centre of town would you like to check another area ?
2 sure i would be interested in indian restaurants also	curry garden is in that part of town and they serve indian food
3 please book this for 7 people at 18:00 on sunday	unfortunately there is nothing available for 18:00 on sunday would another date or time work for you ?
4 try 17:00 on sunday	of course you re booked at 17:00 with reference number ttp6gycj the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i assist with anything else ?
5 no that ll do it ! thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i want to eat fine british food	there are restaurants that serve british food what is your price range ?
2 i like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city centre	there are 3 expensive restaurants in the centre of town that server british food i would recommend the midsummer house restaurant
3 sounds great please book a table for 3 at 20:00 on friday and give me the reference number	i was able to reserve a table your reference number is 2slk6u5l is there anything else you d like me to do ?
4 no i think that covers everything thanks so much for your help !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant and serves australasian food	there are no restaurants serving australasian food would you like something else ?
2 portuguese food	there are two restaurants available nandos and nandos city centre one is in the south and one is in the centre
3 i don t care	how about nandos ? it is a cheap restraunt on cambridge leisure park clifton way
4 sounds great what is their address ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way c.b 1 7 dy
5 thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

1 what is the address for find pizza hut city centre ?	the address for that restaurant is regent street city centre
2 thank you can you book a table for 2 on friday at 18:00	i m sorry the restaurant is fully booked at that time what other day or time slot would be good for you ?
3 please try friday at 17:00 it should be less crowded then	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : cqv6jds3
4 thank you for the help	you are more than welcome !

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the west side of town	meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range
2 is there anything else ? can i have the address and phone number please ?	okay meghna s phone number is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 victoria road chesterton is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 are there any other restaurants in that price range and part of town ?	yes prezzo serving italian food and saint johns chop house serving british food are also in the west part of town
4 what is the address and phone number ?	thier address is 21 - 24 northampton road and phone number is 01799 521260
5 thank you goodbye	i hope you enjoy saint johns chop house goodbye

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range	i have both an italian restaurant and a vietnamese restaurant do you have a preference ?
2 i don t care book a table for 5 people at 15:30 on friday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : yw1nyrxc
3 cool thank you i m all set for now	thanks for allowing me to help you have a great day

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves australian food	there are no records matching your request for an expensive restaurant serving australian food may i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 what about british food ?	there are six restaurants matching your query one of them is travellers rest
3 could i have the phone number for one of the restaurants ?	there phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 could i get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town ?	the golden wok is a chinese restaurnt in the north part of town or there s the nirala which serves indian food
2 could you get me the address and phone number for the golden wok please ?	the address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that s it thank you for your help	thank you and goodbye !

1 i would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center	there are 33 expensive resturants in the city center we could narrow it down more by food type what type of food would you like ?
2 i do not care about that	bedouin serves african food is in the center and in the expensive price range do you want me to book this restaurant ?
3 yes i d like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on tuesday	ok i have booked you at bedouin on tuesday at 19:15 for 7 people
4 may i have the reference number please ?	it is actually not open then another day or place to dine ?
5 how about a different restaurant in the area and price range ?	i was able to book you at the cambridge chop house reference number k1t50mhg
6 thank you that s all i need today	okay enjoy your dinner

1 i want to find some information on da vinci pizzeria	i found da vinci pizzeria is a cheap restaurant in the north would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 yes please for one person at 12:30 on sunday	i have you scheduled for a reservation for 1 on sunday at 12:30 would you like a confirmation receipt ?
3 yes please give me the reference number	i am so sorry but the da vinci pizzeria is fully booked and i was unsuccessful do you want me to try another restaurant ?
4 yes how about one in the same area and price range please ?	okay i was able to book you into the royal spice serving indian food and your reference number is k8n0llbp
5 awesome ! thanks so much that is all i need	thank you for using this service goodbye

1 can you locate an expensive restaurant in the south ?	i sure can do you prefer chinese italian indian or mexican food ?
2 i prefer chinese food thanks	peking restaurant has good reviews would you like that ?
3 that sounds good can i have the postcode and address please ?	absolutely the peking restaurant is located at 10 homerton street city centre their postcode is cb28nx can i reserve you a table by chance ?
4 no thank you i don t need a reservation	all right what else can i help you with ?
5 that s it thanks	you are welcome have a lovely day

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town	which food type appeals to you currently ? there are listings for british indian chinese and gastropub
2 i don t care	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 can i get the phone number please ?	the grafton hotel restaurant s phone number is 01223 241387
4 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve british food
5 thanks so much	nice talking to you thank you good bye
6 thank you	thank you enjoy your meal

1 i would like to find a danish restaurant this is moderately priced	there are no danish restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to check for restaurants serving a different type of food ?
2 go for it	some options are lebanese turkish international british european and chinese do any of these interest you ?
3 no how about gastropub type food ? may i please have the address phone number and area ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food is located in the centre part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 308871 the address is corn exchange street and the postcode is c.b 2 3qf
4 thank you	is there anything else we can help you with today ?
5 no thank you	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i d like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive	there are five restaurants matching your request what kind of food would you like ?
2 chinese food sound good	yu garden serves chinese food is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 what is their address and postcode ?	yu garden chinese east expensive 01223 248882 529 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in the south area in a high price range ?	yes there s the good luck chinese food takeaway peking restaurant and taj tandoori how do those sound ?
2 do the serve mediterranean food ?	there is no expensive mediterranean restaurant in the south
3 how about one that serves chinese food ?	there are two expensive chinese restaurants the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant would you like to book a table with either of these ?
4 can you make a reservation for 1 on monday at 17:00 at peking restaurant please	i m sorry but there was no availability for that time would you like to try another day or time ?
5 how about 16:00 ? could you please provide me with the reference number also ?	your booking was successful and the reference number is 1yyk3kqs may i assist you with anything else today ?
6 no that s it thanks !	would you provide me with the address ?
7 no i m the customer and you re the help desk; it is you who are supposed to provide me with the address but you ve given me all i need so goodbye !	have a good day !

1 im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range	there are two restaurants in the cheap range on the north side of town would you prefer indian or italian ?
2 i am looking for the east part of town serving austrian food	i am sorry there is no such restaurant match your request would you prefer another area or another type of food ?
3 how about chinese food on the east part of town ?	yu garden serves chinese food and is located in the east part of town would you like more information ?
4 yes i would like their address phone number and postcode please	their address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is c.b 5 8 pa
5 that s all i m looking for thank you for the information	you re welcome goodbye

1 hi could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves catalan food ?	unfortunately i don t show anything available meeting those requirements can i try a different price range or type of cuisine for you ?
2 how about something in the centre of town	i was able to find bedouin in the centre of town in the expensive price range
3 the bedouin serves catalan cuisine ?	the bedouin serves african food
4 oh okay i must have been mistaken let s try something that has italian is expensive and in the centre of town	how does don pasquale pizzeria sound to you ?
5 sounds good lets book it for 4 people at 14:00 on wednesday and i ll need a reference number please	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : corc123e
6 thank you so much !	you re welcome be sure to call us again if you need anything

1 yes i would be interested in the british food fare that is available just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice thank you	can i get the information on what area you are looking for the restaurant to be in ?
2 centre of cambridge	i have 3 restaurants that meet your request would you like information on any of them ? i recommend you check out the cambridge chop house
3 the cambridge chop house sounds nice book me a table for 2 this monday at 12:45 please	that wasn t available i did get a table at fitzbillies though it also meets all of your requirements your reference number is blrxv0b0 is that all today ?
4 perfect ! thank you	is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 nope that s it ! thanks so much !	you re welcome good-bye

1 i need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food	pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys are both in the south part of town serving italian food
2 i would like pizza hut cherry hinton what is the postcode ?	the postcode for that restaurant is cb17dy did you need anything else ?
3 i don t need anything else at this time thank you goodbye	thank you for letting me help you have a nice day good bye

1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food	i cannot locate a cheap greek restaurant is there another one that you are interested in
2 please check for italian food i will also need the address and phone number	there are 5 entries for italian food in the cheap price range is there an area of town that works best for you north centre or west ?
3 it doesn t matter	how about da vinci pizzeria ? it is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
4 thank you goodbye !	thank you for using our service good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food	no restaurants serving scottish food
2 ok how about vietnamese food ?	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is on the west side of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 can i have the address please ?	the address is 17 magdalene street city centre
4 thank you !	thank you and good bye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves indonesian food	my apologies but there doesn t seem to be any restaurants matching your request would you like to broaden your search ?
2 oh well how about european food then ? also in the centre of town please	there are 8 listings meeting your criteria do you have a preference on the price range ?
3 i don t care	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is in the centre of town and serves modern european food
4 may i have the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number for darrys cookhouse and wine shop is 01223 505015 and the postcode is c.b 1 1 ln can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you very much	you re welcome thank you for using this system
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 is there a latin american restaurant in the center ?	there are no latin american restaurants in the centre would you like information about a different style of food ?
2 sure what else is there ?	i have 69 total restaurants in the centre with varying cuisines do you have a preference ?
3 how about latin american food ?	i have no latin american restaurants in the centre perhaps another part of the city ?
4 why don t we try for lebanese food instead	there is ali baba that is lebanese would you like me to make you a reservation ?
5 yes please there will be 3 of us for tuesday at 13:30	all right sir i m happy to say the booking was successful would you like the reservation number ?
6 of course i ll need that	reference number is : b5cpu2x5 can i assist you with anything else today ?
7 that is it thanks	you are more than welcome !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food	i m showing three restaurants that fit that description are you interested in a particular area or price range ?
2 no any price range is fine can you recommend one of the restaurants ?	bloomsbury restaurant is an international restaurant in the centre area
3 hmm i don t really like the food there is there anything else ?	the missing sock is another restaurant there
4 can i get the address and phone number please ?	the missing sock is located at finders corner newmarket road and their phone number is 01223 812660
5 thank you	thank you
6 thank you	good bye

1 hi i m looking for a basque restaurant in the west part of town	i don t see any basque restaurants is there another type of food you might like ?
2 how about british ?	graffiti is a british restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
3 i need the address and phone number please	graffiti is located at hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and you can phone them at 01223 277977 do you need additional information ?
4 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the west part of town
5 no thanks i have everything i need goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves australian food and in the cheap price range	i m sorry there are no restaurants that serve australian food
2 do you have some places that serve italian ?	la margherita seems to fit your request
3 can i get the address and phone number ?	the address is 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232
4 okay perfect thank you very much	thank you goodbye

1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food	i m sorry there are no korean restaurants in the north part of town can i help you find anything else ?
2 how about any area ?	little seoul is in the centre and serves korean food
3 what is the address and price range ?	little seoul is at 108 regent street city centre and is an expensive restaurant do you want the phone number ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 hi i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant in the south area would you like their information ?
2 yes phone number please	pizza hut cherry hinton is phone number is 01223 323737
3 i m not sure where on the south side i m going to be could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information too ?	the only other option is restaurant alimentum their phone number is 01223 413000 their address is 152 - 154 hills road and their postcode is c.b 2 8 pb

1 i m looking for a seafood restaurant in the moderate price range	sorry there are no moderately priced seafood restaurants can i help you find something else instead ?
2 what about chinese ?	there are 4 moderately priced chinese restaurants in town is there a particular area you are wanting to eat in ?
3 any one of them will be fine if you could find one available for 4 people at 18:15 on friday please	i have reserved a table for 4 at jinling noodle bar 11 peas hill in the city centre (tel: 01223566188) on friday at 18:15 the reference number is k9jaw7ft
4 thank you for your help have a great day !	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food if not then how about modern european food ?	there are four venues serving modern european food in the centre of town what price range do you want ?
2 i want the most expensive one available	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is the most expensive modern european restaurant
3 what is the address ?	darrys cookhouse and wine shop s address is 40270 king street city centre

1 i am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town	pizza hut fen ditton is moderately priced and at the east side of the city
2 is there another one as well ?	yes there are 8 more what type of food do you want ?
3 is there anything british available ?	there is one restaurant serving british food on the east side of town their name is grafton hotel restaurant would you like their contact information ?
4 what is the address and postcode ?	grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton in postal code c.b 5 8 pa would you like me to find any additional information ?
5 no i think that does it thank you for the info	you re welcome thank you for calling us today
6 goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south	we have nine do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range ?
2 i am looking for one that serves portuguese food and is cheap	i found one it is called nandos would you like for me to book it for you ?
3 yes please we would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on saturday	i am sorry this restaurant is booked would you like to try a different place ?
4 no thank you,i will call again	have a nice day

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called cafe uno	caffe uno ? excellent choice ! would you like to make a reservation ?
2 yes please ! there will be 7 of us dining on sunday	at what time would you like the reservation ?
3 16:15 seems like a good time	i have booked the table for sunday the reference number is 1xgv4vgp is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 that s all i needed help with thanks a lot !	awesome thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre enjoy the restaurant !

1 i m looking for a restaurant the serves spanish food	would you prefer cheap or moderate price range ?
2 i have no preference	two selections fit your requirements la tasca and la raza are both located in the centre part of town do either of those interest you ?
3 yes i would like the address of la raza please	la raza s address is 4 - 6 rose crescent is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i m looking for a gastropub	okay there are four gastropubs in cambridge are you looking for a particular area or a certain price range ?
2 yes something in the centre of town please ?	i have 3 gastropubs in the center of town does price range matter to you ?
3 no price range does not matter	in that case i recommend backstreet bistro at 2 sturton street city centre would you like a table there ?
4 i m sorry i do need something expensive is backstreet bistro an expensive place ?	yes they are an expensive restaurant would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
5 yes i d like reservation for 8 people t 11:15 on saturday	booking was successful can i get you anything else ?
6 may i have the reference number ?	of course the reference number is jp761rjs
7 thank you so much	have a great day !

1 i d like you to tell me about great indian restaurants in the area it s okay if they are expensive	there are a total of 14 different expensive indian restaurants located throughout the city is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in ?
2 no choose one for me	curry garden has good reviews would you like to book there ?
3 sure ! can you book a table for 8 people at 17:30 on friday ?	sure your reference number is qlmrq3h2 anything else ?
4 thank you that s all i need right now bye	you re welcome goodbye !

1 i am looking for mediterranean food in the center of the city	i show 3 available 2 are in the expensive range and 1 is cheap may i book a table for you ?
2 i d like the expensive range and i d like to book a table for 7 people on saturday at 15:45	i have booked you at the shiraz restaurant for 7 people saturday at 15:45 your table will be reserved for 15 minutes
3 thank you so much that is all i need today have a great evening	sure your reference number is msv3ups2 you will likely need it
4 great thanks so much !	thanks for calling you have a great day !

1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves persian food	there are no restaurants serving persian food in the centre part of town
2 i would like a thai restaurant then	i see several options for thai food in the city centre would you like to narrow them down by price ?
3 yes please like to hear least to most expensive first	bangkok city is the only result and it is expensive
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for bangkok city is 24 green street city centr and the phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you with?
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day !

1 i m looking for some info on kohinoor	great ! kohinoor is an indian cuisine restaurant in the cheap price range ! is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes i d like to book a table for just me at 13:45 on friday	unfortunately reservations are not possible for that time would you like to try for another day or time ?
3 i could eat at 12:45 i hope that is available	that worked out for you ! your reference number is ihqk49w4
4 great thank you for all your help	thank you for calling goodbye

1 i d like an expensive restuarant with chinese food	sure i have 9 restaurants like that is there a certain area you had in mind ?
2 i would like to stay in the south please	i have 2 chinese restaurants in the south both are expensive but worth the money ! i have the peking restaurant and the good luck chinese food takeaway
3 could you reserve a table for 5 at peking restaurant i need it for wednesday at 11:15	i was able to successfully book at table for 5 at peking restaurant for 11:15 your reference number is wok3ftdi your table will be reserved for 15 minutes
4 thank you so much that is all that i needed !	you are welcome !

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town i will need their address	there is a cheap italian restaurant at 20 milton road chesterton or one that serves indian food at victoria avenue chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for information about city stop restaurant ?	i have pulled up city stop restaurant what information do you need ?
2 i would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 19:45 and can i please get a reference number ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : omkmnjem
3 alright thank you very much that s all i need for now	you are welcome goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre	do you have a preference on the type of food ?
2 yes i would like greek food please	i m sorry there s no matches for greek food
3 okay can you search for british food instead then ?	there are 3 restaurants that meet that criteria may i suggest fitzbillies restaurant ?
4 that sounds great could you book a table for 2 people at 15:45 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : bsmdjmxh can i be of further assistance ?
5 thank you that s all i need today	okay great i m glad i could help have a great day goodbye

1 i want something in the north that serves moroccan food	there is no moroccan restaurant in the north do you want to try something else ?
2 yes is there a french restaurant in the north part of town ?	restaurant two two serves french food and is located in the north part of town
3 what is their phone number ?	restaurant two two s phone number is 01223 351880 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 that s all thanks !	goodbye

1 i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the west side of town	i m sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request
2 how about a restaurant that serves british food ?	we have three excellent options here do you prefer a moderate pricerange or expensive ?
3 a moderate price range please	i found saint johns chop house would you like me to book a table for you ?
4 no i just need an address with postcode and phone number	the address is 21-24 northampton street postcode: cb30ad and the phone number is 01223353110 is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no you have been a great help thank you	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn t too high priced	saint johns chop house ?
2 where is saint johns chop house ?	it is at 21 - 24 northampton street
3 is this in the west part of town and can i get the phone number ?	saint johns chop house is in west part of town the phone number is 01223 353110
4 what type of food do they serve ? and to clarify this is moderately priced correct ?	saint johns chop house is a british restaurant in the west which is moderately priced
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i d like a place that serves world food in the east part of town	sorry but no world food restaurants in the east is found can i provide you something else
2 how about indian food ?	your options are curry prince pipasha restaurant rajmahal and sitar tandoori which one would you like more information regarding ?
3 i would like the address and phone number of curry prince	the curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388 can i help you with anything else today ?
4 no thank you goobye	thank you goodbye

1 hello i m looking for an expensive indian restaurant what can you recommend ?	i found 14 expensive indian restaurants what location do you prefer ?
2 are there any in the centre location ?	panahar looks like a good choice it s on norfolk street in the city centre
3 that sounds great could you book me a table for thursday for 2 people at 11:00 ?	seems like i cannot make this reservation and should find another restaurant thank you
4 um ok ? well can you find a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange	i was able to make you a reservation at saffron brasserie on hills road in city centre for 2 people at 11:00 on thursday your reference number is 9vcxtczz
5 thank you so much have a nice day !	you too thank you

1 i would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food	there are no restaurants matching that description would you like a different type of food ?
2 korean might work are there any of those ?	little seoul serves korean food it s an expensive restaurant that is located in the city centre
3 may i have the telephone number ?	the number is 01223 308681 can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i would like a barbeque restaurant	where would you like to search for a restaurant and what price range would you prefer ?
2 i do not care about the price range or location	there are no restaurants serving barbeque
3 do you have an address phone number and postcode for a north american food restaurant ?	the gourmet burger kitchen is at regent street city centre post code c.b 2 1 ab the phone number is 01223 312598
4 thank you good bye	thank you

1 are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town ?	there are several in that price range at the centre what type of food would you like ?
2 good i like chinese food please	charlie chan looks great need a reservation ?
3 yes i need a reservation for 7 people on friday at 17:45 could i get the reservation number ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : vx834ja0
4 perfect thank you for all of your help have a good day	you are most welcome thanks for contacting towninfo centre goodbye

1 i need help finding a place that serves spanish food and is located in the centre can you help me ?	la tasca and la raza serve spanish food in the centre of town what price range would you prefer
2 price range isn t an issue can you book me at the one with the most stars please on monday at 20:00 for 4 people please	i ve booked la raza for monday at 20:00 for four people your reference number is ld696ib9 the reservation lasts 15 minutes
3 thank you that is everything that i need	enjoy the rest of your day

1 i am looking for golden house restaurant	golden house serves cheap chinese food in the centre of town
2 great would you book a table for 1 on sunday at 12:00 please ?	i am sorry but the golden house was not available on sunday at 12:00 can i find another restaurant for you perhaps ?
3 sure can you find me something close-by that has comparable prices ? and can i get the reference number please ?	i was able to get you in at charlie chan another inexpensive chinese restaurant in the centre reference number p4k1b3x6 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is all ! thanks	enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance

1 i need to find a restaurant in the north side of town	ok did you have a certain price range of cuisine in mind ?
2 i don t have a price range i m looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food	i m sorry there are no restaurants listed serving catalan food in the north part of town would you like to try something else ?
3 how about french type food ?	restaurant two two is in the north area and serving french food can i help you with anything else ?
4 yes can i get the name and phone number of one of those restaurants ?	yes restaurant two two can be reached at 01223 351880
5 what is the area again sorry ?	it is located in the north part of town
6 thank you for your help have a great evening	thank you goodbye

1 hey are there any expensive restaurants in the centre ?	there are thirty thee choices do you have a food type you would like to try ?
2 i would like to just find something expensive and get the postcode please	how about bedouin ? it s an expensive african restaurant in the centre postcode cb12bd is there any other information you need ?
3 great that s all the information i needed today thank you !	your welcome ! have a great day !
4 same to you ! goodbye	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	what kind of food would you like ?
2 don t care	meghna serves moderately priced indian food and is in the west part of town
3 are there any other restaurants ?	there is saint johns chop house with moderate pricing in the west part of town
4 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	saint johns chop house is located at 21-24 northampton street its phone number is 01223 353110 and the postcode is cb30ad is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that ll do it	thank you and have a great day !
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye !

1 l am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center	alright we have three restaurants available did you want it to be expensive or moderately priced ?
2 it is a special occasion so i am hoping for an expensive place	okay there s the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce i recommend backstreet bistro
3 what is the address and post code for the one you say is best ?	backstreet bistro is located at 2 sturton street city centre cb12qa
4 thanks so much i don t need anything more today	you are very welcome thank you as well have a great day and let me know if you need any more assistance

1 i would like a restaurant that serves portuguese food	nandos is a portuguese restaurant it is in the cheap price range and is on the south part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 what is their address	cambridge leisure park clifton way can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
4 that is all i need no further questions	ok good bye

1 i want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town	sure thing what type of food were you thinking about ?
2 i would like to try some german food please	i am not finding anything for german food something else perhaps ?
3 lets change it to chinese food anything ?	how about the jinling noodle bar ?
4 that sounds good can you book it for sunday at 13:30 for 6 people ?	unfortunately there are no bookings available can i try one of the other chinese restaurants in the area ? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant ?
5 as long as they are moderate priced the shanghai sounds good	the booking at the shanghai was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes can i help you with anything else today ?
6 yes i need a reference number for the booking	the reference number is tg8voavx do you need anything else ?
7 no thank you that will be all	okay glad i could help enjoy dining there

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre can you help me find one ?	there are several expensive places in centre what type of food do you want
2 can you please try european food ?	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a favorite of mine can i book a table for you ?
3 that would be great can you book it for 5 people at 18:15 on friday ?	okay i ve booked you a reservation and your reference number is bns85603 your table will be reserved for 15 minutes is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks for the help that s all i need have a great day goodbye	thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant	there are many expensive restaurants in town is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for ?
2 something in the south part of town would be great any cuisine is fine	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food is located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 yes please	chiquito restaurant bar is at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton do you need the phone number ?
4 yes please	their phone number is 01223 400170
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre	there are a variety of restaurants that are expensive and are located in the centre is there a food type that you are interested in ?
2 i will just take the first one on the list can you make a reservation for 5 at 16:00 this tuesday ?	unfortunately bedouin doesn t have anything available would you like me to keep going down the list ?
3 yes the next one down the list	booking was a success it ll be at kymmoy and the reference number is x651if9f
4 just to be certain does kymmoy share the same area and price range as bedouin ?	yes it most certainly does
5 can you book that for me then ?	yes your booking reference number is x651if9f
6 thank you very much for your help	you re welcome will you be needing anything else today ?
7 no that will be all thank you for all of your help	you re welcome good-bye

1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british cuisine	we have six do you have a preferred area of town ?
2 no preferred area but i need to know if i can book a table for saturday	what time on saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for ?
3 there will be 3 of us at 14:15	i was able to book a table at the grafton hotel they also serve british your reference number is 1ulfdv2t
4 thank you so much !	enjoy the rest of you day

1 i m looking for a restaurant called mahal of cambridge	sure that s a great cheap indian restaurant in the centre of town what information do you need ?
2 could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 12:00 on friday ?	yes i reserved that table for you reference number 196sqora can i be of further assistance ?
3 thank you for reserving it and just to make sure...can you please confirm the time and date of the booking ?	that booking was made for friday for a party of 5 at 12:00 was that correct ?
4 yes that s correct thank you	can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 no that s it thanks for your help !	thank you goodbye !

1 i m looking for a pricey indian place i wanna show off to my date	i have many good expensive indian restaurants in the cambridge area is there a specific part of town you would prefer ?
2 how about the center ? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 16:45 on a friday	unfortunately there are no tables available at that time would you prefer a different time or perhaps a different day ?
3 can you try booking it for 15:45 instead ?	i was able to book that for you the reference number is vkrsafbu
4 thank you very much that is all for now goodbye	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town	what kind of food would like ?
2 any	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town
3 are there any other options ?	royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town
4 that sounds great may i have their address please ?	royal spice s address is victoria avenue chesterton
5 thank you very much bye bye	enjoy !

1 i need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the centre	i am sorry there are no listings for that type of place can i help you find one in another area ?
2 are there any cheap places to eat that serve traditional food in other areas of the city ?	i am sorry but there is no traditional food in the cheap price range do you want a different type of cuisine or price range ?
3 how about ones that serve italian food ?	i have 3 cheap italian restaurants located in the centre of the city would you like to hear them ?
4 yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at 14:00 please	sure i ve booked you at ask with reference number lk2p76os may i help with anything else ?
5 no that should be all thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i am looking for some info on rice house restaurant	rice house has cheap food and is located at 88 mill road city centre may i book a table for you ?
2 yes i d like a table for a party of 8 at 11:15 on thursday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 5ma263eb
3 i was hoping to eat for longer than that any chance you could book it for at least one hour ?	your booking has been successful there is no direct time limit for your meal once you arrive is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 ok thank you very much for your help	you are very welcome ! have a great time ! goodbye !

1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food	there are no records matching your criteria would you like a different type of food or area ?
2 is there a asian oriental type food available ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food and is in the north part of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 of course !	the address is 169 high street chesterton chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555
4 thank you goodbye	your welcome thanks for calling

1 hi i d like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant	there are no restaurants in the area that match your preferences is there anything else you d be interested in ?
2 how about north american food ?	gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food is in the expensive price range and is in the centre part of town would you like the phone number ?
3 yes i would like their phone number and postcode please	gourmet burger kitchen s phone number is 01223 312598 and the postcode is c.b 2 1 ab may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you for the information goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i want an expensive restaurant and serves european food what is the phone number ?	there is cambridge lodge restaurant in the west area their phone number is 01223 355166 can i help you with anything else ?
2 thank you	thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for information on the yippee noodle bar	sure ! yippee noodle bar is a moderately priced asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town what other other information can i get for you ?
2 can i get the address and phone number ?	sure yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 king street city centre the phone number is 01223518111 how else may i assist you ?
3 on second thought could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on sunday ?	the yippee noodle bar doesn t have a table available at that time would you like to try another ?
4 sure please try for 11:30 sunday still 5 people thanks	all right your table is reserved the reference number is gvnn1k5v
5 thanks for your help	no problem ! thank you and have a nice day

1 i m looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town	which price range are you looking for ?
2 i don t care what have you found ?	there is taj tandoori would you like the information ?
3 yes please phone number and address	their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton
4 thank you bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 hi i want a french restaurant in the expensive price range	cote is a french restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range
2 could you please find me a different restaurant ?	another option is restaurant two two would you like more information on that restaurant ?
3 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the phone is 01223 351880 and the postcode is c.b 4 3 a.x
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal goodbye
5 bye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i am looking for an expensive danish place	are you looking for a danish restaurant ?
2 yes please in the centre of town	i am sorry i have no listings for that type of restaurant is there any other type of food you would like ?
3 is there an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre ?	yes i was able to locate 4 can i book a table for you ?
4 yes please,for tonight at 9 pm if possible	i will make a booking for you at hk fusion but i do need to know what day and time you prefer and for how many people
5 for four thursday 11:45	booking unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
6 yes please in the same area and price range	booked at ugly duckling reference number: eqfgnmfy table will be held for 15 minutes
7 thanks so much !	is there anything else that i can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip ?
8 that was all i needed today thank you !	thank you have a good day

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves indian food	do you have a preference as to what part of town ?
2 i don t care	curry prince is an indian restaurant in the moderate price range and in the east do you want the address and phone number ?
3 indian food	rajmahal is an indian restaurant in the east part of town and in the moderate price range how does that sound ?
4 may i have the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 244955 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you	you re welcome

1 i would like a restaurant that serves world food	im sorry there are no restaurants that serve world food can i help you with something else ?
2 how about portuguese food ?	nandos serves portuguese and is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range
3 what is the phone number and address ?	the phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre	okay what price range would you like ?
2 it should be in the cheap price range	the dojo noodle bar is at 40210 millers yard city centre and meets your criteria what time would you like to book ?
3 i d like to book a table for 1 at 12 on tuesday	ok i will make you a reservation for 12:00 tuesday for 1 anything else i can help with ?
4 yes i ll need the reference number of my reservation	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 0c4kyz3k
5 thanks that s all i need good bye	you re welcome ! have a great day and enjoy your meal !

1 i would like an expensive romanian restaurant please	there are no restaurants serving romanian food
2 how about korean food ?	little seoul is an expensive restaurant that serves korean food
3 what area is this in ?	little seoul is located in the centre of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 can i have the address please	little seoul is at 108 regent street city centre

1 i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves indonesian food	i don t see any indonesian restaurants at all would you like me to look for a different type of restaurant in the east ?
2 how about a chinese restaurant in the north ?	there are three chinese restaurants in the north are you looking for a specific price range ?
3 i m sorry i meant a chinese restaurant in the east any price range is ok	how about yu garden it is in the east part of town and serves chinese food
4 okay may i have the address phone number and post code please ?	the address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton the postcode is c.b 5 8 p.a and the phone number is 01223 248882
5 thank you goodbye	good bye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town i would also like the address and phone number	there is an indian and a chinese restaurant that are both moderately priced in the north area would you like the address and phone for one of those ?
2 yes i would like the address and phone number for each	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and there address is 01223 350688 the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you	you re welcome

1 hello i m looking for a modern european restaurant in the center	is there a particular price range that you would prefer ?
2 maybe something in the moderate range	we have two such restarants de luca cucina and bar on regent street and riverside brasserie on mill lane do you have a preference ?
3 can you book 2 people at 19:30 on friday for riverside brasserie can i get a reference number ? thank you	sure thing your reservation number is 3badcf9i anything else i can help with today ?
4 that actually takes care of all my needs ! thanks a ton !	great enjoy your dinner and have a nice day thank you !

1 i want to find a place serving spanish food in the centre of town	i have listings for two what price range are you looking for ?
2 is one of them cheap ?	yes la raza is a cheap priced spanish restaurant in the centre would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please make a reservation for thursday at 16:15 there will be 7 of us	i was unable to book this restaurant would you like to try another one ?
4 could you please check for a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange	yes i will look for different restaurant
5 were you able to find anything ?	we do not have another spanish restaurant would you like chinese or italian perhaps ?
6 can you look for chinese restaurants please	i have 3 charlie chan rice house or golden house would you like me to book one for you today ?
7 okay yes pick one perhaps the golden house	the booking was successful your reference number is c3nr2dw2 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 no that s all i needed have a nice day	okay glad i could help enjoy your dining experience
9 thanks so much have a great day !	thank you for using our service and enjoy your time in cambridge !

1 i m looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range	i have 2 asian oriental and 3 chinese places that fit your requirements do you have a preference ?
2 are there any italian ones ?	there are 3 cheap italian restaurants in the centre including a pizza hut do you have any preferences ?
3 no i don t have any preferences the pizza hut sounds good can i get their phone number and postcode ?	sure they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in the cb21ab postcode anything else i can help you with today ?
4 nope that s all i need for now thanks for your help	okay thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

1 i m interested in a place called restaurant one seven what can you tell me about it ?	restaurant one seven serves british food ! it is moderately priced !
2 awesome ! can you book a table for me ? 4 people at 15:30 on monday thanks !	okay i have you booked there for monday at 15:30 and your reference number is 0j39ojvt
3 great thank you ! that s all i need	it was my pleasure to help you please feel free to call us again in the future have a nice day

1 i am looking for italian food on the south side of the city	do you prefer moderately priced or expensive ?
2 no preference please	i have pizza hut cherry hinton which is in the moderate price range and frankie and bennys which is in the more expensive price range which would you prefer ?
3 i ll pass on the pizza hut yuck let s go with frankie & benny s can i get a table for 1 on sunday at 12:15 please ?	your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is c6eu44qq is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 i wanted the reservation for 12:15 is that what you booked for me ?	yes you have a reservation for 1 person at 12:15 on sunday at frankie and bennys can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no that is all i need thank you !	great ! enjoy your meal let me know if i can help with anything else

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving cuban food	i m sorry we do not have any cuban restaurants in the moderate price range would you like a different food type ?
2 is there any restaurants that serve british food ?	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food would you like more information about this location ?
3 can i have their phone number ?	fitzbillies restaurant s number is 01223 352500 would you like the address as well ?
4 no thanks that is all !	you re welcome enjoy your food
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant	there are a great number of chinese restaurants in town ! is there a specific area you d like me to check in or do you have a price range in mind ?
2 how about the center in a moderate price range	jinling noodle bar will meet your needs would you like to make a reservation ?
3 yes please do they have any openings on monday at 17:45 ? there will be 2 of us	unfortunately there are no tables at that time do you have another time ?
4 hmm well ok how about at 16:45 instead ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : jz0q7bt0 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all	thank you goodbye

1 hi can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve halal food ?	i apologize there are no restaurants in the area that serve halal food would you like another type of food ?
2 how about portuguese food ?	nandos is serves portuguese food is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 yes phone number and address please	there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is cambridge leisure park clifton way is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed to know have a good day	thank you
5 goodbye	goodbye

1 hello i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town would you like their location ?
2 i want to know their address phone number and type of food please	the missing sock serves international food and is located at finders corner newmarket road the phone number is 01223 812660
3 thank you that is all i needed to know have a good night	thank you for using our system good night

1 can i get a korean restaurant in the town centre ?	little seoul is located in the town centre
2 can you tell me the address phone number and postcode of little seoul please ?	sure little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre its phone number is 01223 308681 and the postcode is cb21dp is there anything i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range	hello what type of food are you looking for ? there are 21 locations that fit these criteria
2 i am looking for one that serves turkish food	i have anatolia and efes restaurant do you have a preference ?
3 no i just need the address of one of them	very well the address for anatolia is 30 bridge street city centre
4 thank you for the help	you re welcome may i help with anything else ?
5 no i think i have everything i need thanks !	thank you for using our services have a great day !
6 great day too	thanks for using our services

1 i am looking for international food anywhere in town	there are 3 results for international restaurants do you care about the price range ?
2 i don t care	bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street their phone number is 0871 942 9180 can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you have a wonderful day !

1 is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town ?	there are mexican italian chinese and indian restaurants on the south part of town in the expensive price range do you have a particular type ?
2 italian sounds good can you give me an address and phone number ?	the phone number for frankie and bennys is 01223 412430 can i help you with anything else ?
3 that will do it goodbye	you re welcome thank you and goodbye

1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre	there are 33 restaurants in the area what type of food are looking to eat ?
2 i would like japanese food	i have found wagamama that is an expensive japanese restaurant located in the centre would you like to make a reservation ?
3 yes can i make a reservation for 4 people at 17:30 on sunday ?	unfortunately i wasn t able to get that reservation would you like to try somewhere else ?
4 yes i need to find another place like that one though	i am sorry there are no others in that area would a different area be okay ?
5 maybe try one more time any type of food exepensive in the centre of town	okay i ve booked you at little seoul a korean place that is expensive in the centre with reference number ptwg73v3 may i help with anything else ?
6 no thank you goodbye	okay enjoy your dining experience

1 yes i would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town	would you prefer italian or vietnamese food ?
2 italian would you reserve a table for 5 for me ? i d like that to be at 14:00 on tuesday	booking was unsuccessful for la margherita would you like me to try booking for the vietnamese restaurant called thanh binh ?
3 sure let s do that	i reserved a table for you at thanh binh the reference number is xx1tf9gv is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thanks for all your help	you re welcome ! have a great day !

1 i m looking for a particular restaurant called j restaurant	that is a great cheap restaurant located in the city centre would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday	your booking is confirmed 2 people on tuesday at 16:45 for j restaurant reference is h9zg8n17 can i help with anything else ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you !	thank you goodbye

1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving japanese food	there s a very nice japanese restaurant in the center of town it s pretty expensive
2 that s ok because it s for a special occasion can you give me the phone number ?	yes it s 01223462354 what else can i help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food	there are 5 that fit your criteria 3 in the centre of town are eraina michaelhouse cafe darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant north and cambridge lodge restaurant west
2 what do you recommend ?	i personally recommend eraina would you like a table booked ?
3 yes please can i get a table for 6 at 13:45 on tuesday ?	sure thing you are booked with ref # rc9wctwx
4 thanks so much have a nice day	my pleasure thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a fantastic day !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town what is the phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 351707
2 thank you goodbye	enjoy your dinner !

1 i want to find a place to eat that serves indian food in the centre of town	there are 9 restaurants that fit that description are you looking for a cheap or expensive restaurant ?
2 price range doesn t matter which restaurant out of the 9 do you recommend ?	i d recoment the mahal of cambridge it s inexpensive and conveniently located would you like me to book you ?
3 that sounds fine can you book for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look at another location ?
4 yes can you find me something that is available in the same area and price range ?	how about the ghandi ?
5 ok lets try there	your all set reference number is hkbdrn69 anything else ?
6 no thank you	okay thanks so much for calling enjoy your evening !

1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving turkish food	there are three restaurants serving turkish food in the center of town what price range would you like ?
2 i do not care about the price range	anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre it is located at 30 bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223 362372 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 i would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range	the yippee noodle bar is a moderate priced asian oriental restaurant does that sound good ?
2 no the restaurant should serve modern european food	sure i have at least two choices for you one is the de luca cucina and bar and the other is the riverside brasserie both are located in the center would either of them interest you ?
3 let s try the brasserie	if you d like a reservation i will need to know what day and time you d like your reservation and how many will be in your party
4 just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday	you re all set your reference number is ivgzlytz
5 thanks that s all i need !	alright thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves belgian food	i have nothing available meeting your request would you like to try a different price range or another type of cuisine ?
2 yes is there any expensive european eateries ?	yes there are 4 expensive restaurants serving european food which area would you like ?
3 what is the address of the restaurant ?	michaelhouse cafe is at st michael s church trinity street city centre how does that sound ?
4 what is its phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 309147
5 okay thanks and what area is it in please ?	it is in the centre part of town
6 that s good thanks	would you like anything else ?
7 that s all thank you goodbye !	your welcome thanks for calling

1 i m looking for a restaurant named hakka	the hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north area would you like to make a booking today ?
2 can i make a book a table for 7 people on thursday at 12:15 ?	i apologize but i was not able to book you for the restaurant would you like for me to find you another restaurant ?
3 is there another restaurant in the same area that is in the same price range ?	saigon city is also in the expensive price range and on the north side of town they have asian oriental cuisine shall we try there ?
4 yes please for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday please i will need the reference number too	i have booked a reservation at 12:15 for 7 people on thursday the reference number is klofpfum is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s perfect thank you so much	thank you for using our system !
6 have a nice day good bye	if there is anything else don t hesitate to contact us again good bye

1 hi could you tell me the phone number and address of the nearest mexican restaurant ?	chiquito restaurant bar is at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170
2 thank you goodbye	your welcome good bye

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	there is portuguese and chinese restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town which do you prefer ?
2 either is fine could you provide me their address and post code ?	nandos address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and thier post code is c.b 1 7 d.y
3 i would like to know which type of food nandos is serving	nandos serves portuguese food will there be anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thanks goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye

1 i am looking for ian hong house	that is a chinese restaurant in the centre of town
2 ok i d like to book for 6 people at 1400 on saturday please	i have that booked for you and here is your reference number: xdyjmto7 is there anything else ?
3 no you were super efficient thank you goodbye	it was my pleasure have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant called the slug and lettuce	i found a listing for the slug and lettuce the address is 34 - 35 green street in the center of town it serves gastropub food
2 that sounds great could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this saturday ?	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different restaurant or different day and time ?
3 yes is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range ?	i have backstreet bistro and the cow pizza kitchen bar they both serve gastropub food which one do you prefer ?
4 nah either one is fine i need a reference number though	ok i have booked you at the backstreet bistro reference number 42vfs0sm is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that will be all thank you for your help !	okay glad i could help

1 can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range ?	that will be no problem we have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the city is there a cuisine you d prefer ?
2 i ll just take the first one on the list can you make a reservation for 6 at 15:30 on saturday ?	i ve book you at lan hong house located at 12 norfolk street city centre your reference number is xpq6j119
3 thank you so much !	may i help you with anything else such as lodging or area attractions ?
4 no thank you thank you for your help	let us know if you need help good day

1 do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food ?	there are no caribbean restaurants would you like something else ?
2 what about a restaurant that serves chinese food ? what is their phone number ?	there are many chinese restaurants to choose from do you have a preferred area of town ?
3 no it doesn t matter	let me provide you with a couple options charlie chan- phone 01223 361763 or golden house - phone 01842 753771
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves gastropub food	the cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food and is in the moderate price range
2 may i please have the phone number ?	01223 308871 will that be all ?
3 thank you that s all	you re welcome !

1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town what is the phone number ?	golden wok is in the moderate price range and is in the north area of town
2 is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town ?	yes there is an expensive french restaurant called restaurant two two
3 what is the phone number of that one please ?	the phone number of it is 01223 351880
4 what is the phone number ?	restaurant two two s phone number is 01223 351880 how else may i assist you ?
5 that is all thank you	my pleasure goodbye

1 hi i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area where i can eat russian food	unfortunately there aren t any russian restaurants in that location would you like another type of food or perhaps a different location ?
2 then how about one that serves chinese food ?	there are 5 such restaurants i recommend the rice house would you like a reservation ?
3 yes could you make a booking for 8 people at 16:00 on thursday ?	the rice house if booked full for that time i could try the charlie chan or the golden house for you if you wish
4 sure that s fine try any one of those i ll need the reference number too please	i was able to book you a table at the jinling noodle bar on regent street your reference number is gjptb7cd is that all for today ?
5 yes that will be all thanks for your help bye	enjoy your meal at the jinling noodle bar have a great day

1 i d like to find an expensive gastropub should you have such a beast	i show 3 they are in the expensive price range 2 are in the centre and 1 is in the east may i book a table for you ?
2 yes can you find out if any of them have an opening at 11:45 on wednesday for 6 people ?	yes backstreet bistro has an opening for 6 people at 11:45 on wednesday
3 please book it them and please let me have the reference number when you are done	it turns out they were all booked but i was able to get you a table at the slug and lettuce with reference number pgv6hf9f may i help with anything else ?
4 no but i will try that place	have a great day !
5 thank you !	enjoy your visit and do not hesitate to call if you need any more assistance

1 i m looking for a place to dine	certainly what type of food interests you ?
2 i like ethnic food particularly indian food	great i have a bunch of options for you do you have a certain area and price range you are looking for ?
3 the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food	there are 14 expensive indian restaurants which area do you prefer ?
4 area does not matter to me please book it for 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday i also need the reference number	i m sorry sir i m having trouble making that booking would you like to try for a different time or a different day ?
5 yes please book 5 people at 18:30 i also need the reference number	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes the reference number is xot3l3nr
6 thank you good bye !	thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge !

1 i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	what type of cuisine would you prefer ?
2 i dont care	the chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 are there any others ?	yes there is frankie and bennys italian restaurant in the expensive price range and in south do you want the address ?
4 i would like the phone number and postcode please	the phone number for frankie and bennys is 01223 412430 and postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
5 nope that ll do it thank you very much !	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant located in cambridge centre	what type of food would you like ?
2 i am in the mood for chinese food please	i have found 4 restaurants that fit that description how does hk fusion sound ?
3 perfect i need a table for 1 at 19:45 on thursday	ok i have that booked the reference number is ebzipgv2
4 great that is all i need thanks	you re welcome please call us again in the future have a great day
5 will do ! thank you hope you have an amazing day as well	i am glad the cambridge towninfo centre helped you goodbye

1 find a moderately priced place for me please	what type of food do you want ?
2 i don t care	which area would you like ?
3 on the east side of town please	rajmahal is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
4 great ! what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 244955 is there anything i can help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for italian food in the north part of town	da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaurant located in the north part of town
2 may i have the address and phone number of da vinci pizzeria ?	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton their phone number is 01223 351707 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome please enjoy your day

1 i am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre
2 can i get the phone number and price range ?	the phone number for little seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 regent street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	have a good day ! goodbye

1 can i get a cantonese restaurant ?	i m sorry there are no cantonese restaurants would you like something else ?
2 how about chinese ?	there are several chinese restaurants in town would you prefer something in the cheap moderate or expensive price range ?
3 i would like the phone number for a moderately priced chinese restaurant	how about shanghai family restaurant ? its number is 01223 301761
4 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome have a good evening

1 i am looking for a thai restaurant - any area will do	bangkok city is an expensive thai restaurant in the centre of town
2 can i have its phone number and postcode ?	bangkok city s phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is c.b 2 3 jx can i help you with anything else ?
3 that will be all thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye !

1 i am looking for korean food in the centre of town	there is one korean restaurant in the centre little seoul would you like the address and phone number ?
2 is it in the expensive price range ?	yes it is expensive are you interested in booking a table there ?
3 yes book a table thank you	can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for ?
4 13:45 on monday and a table for 7 please i will need a reference number too	booking was unsuccessful do you have a different time preference ?
5 no how about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range	how about kymmoy ? it s an asian restaurant in expensive price range located in centre area
6 sure try booking that one for the same people date and time please	i ve booked your table for 7 people on monday at 13:45 at kymmoy your reference number is 1ms5buu6 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that s all i need thank you for your assistance !	i was happy to help enjoy your meal

1 are there any expensive british restaurants in town ?	there are 57 restaurants that match your specifications do you want anything more specific ?
2 yes i d like to find one in the west side of town	i have two restaurants that meet your needs graffiti and travellers rest would you like to make a reservation at one of those ?
3 yes i need to book a table for five people at 17:15 for this thursday	i am unable to book a restaurant at that time on thursday is there another day or time slot i can check for you ?
4 will you check 16:15 ?	a reservation at 16:15 was successful at graffiti your reference number is vccp7l4m is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 thank you so much have a nice day bye	you re welcome have a good meal

1 can you help me find a turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please ?	i have meze bar restaurant at 196 mill road city centre
2 that sounds perfect !	would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 yes please 7 people at 13:15 on monday	reference number is : txbu904t
4 thank you for your help	thank you for allowing me to help you today have a great day

1 i m looking for a nice expensive restaurant on the south side of town	i have 5 restaurants that meet that criteria are you looking for a certain type of food ?
2 can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on wednesday for 8 people ?	i see that out of the five restaurants four are able to accommodate your reservation would you prefer chinese italian indian or mexican cuisine ?
3 mexican sounds good	i have successfully booked it your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:pm your reference number is x4tb06r2
4 perfect ! thank you !	great have a great mexican meal !

1 i am looking for a asian restaurant in the centre	i have 4 listings,can i get a price range you are looking for ?
2 yes i d prefer mid-range please	that sounds like the yippee noodle bar could i book it for you ?
3 i m sorry could you check again but in the cheap price range ?	i found two restaurants: dojo noodle bar and j restaurant which one of these do you prefer ?
4 do either have a table available at 17:00 on friday for 5 people ?	yes i reserved a table at j restaurant for you reference number is bm3n0suh and the table will be held for 15 minutes will that be all ?
5 yes that will be all thank you	have a nice time let us know if you need anything else

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west	name is tnahh binh
2 pardon ? is that the name of a restaurant ?	yes there is a vietnamese restaurant in the west called thanh binh
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for the vietnamese restaurant thanh binh is 17 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223 362456
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i m looking for a chinese food restaurant in the centre	there are ten chinese restaurants in the centre area do you have a preference for price range ?
2 no i don t care can you recommend your favorite ?	i like the lan hong house it s moderately prices but good should i book a reservation ?
3 yes please check to see if there is booking for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday	i m sorry there are no available bookings for that time would you like to try something else ?
4 yes how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	you should try lan hong house it is a nice place.would you like the address ?

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food	travellers rest is amazing would you like a reservation ?
2 yes i need table for 6 people at 12:15 on saturday	your party of 6 is booked for saturday at 12:15 your reference number is 6w59cffr is there anything else ?
3 no thanks for your help !	you re quite welcome !

1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food	no matches found for cheap malaysian food
2 how about italian food ?	what area would you like the restaurant to be in ?
3 i don t care	zizzi cambridge is a cheap italian restaurant in the cambridge area
4 address and phone number please	zizzi cambridge in the centre of the city they are located at 47-53 regent street and their phone number is 01223 365599
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre	i have to cotto that meats those requirements they serve british food
2 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre the restaurant should serve modern european food	riverside brasserie looks lovely would you like a reservation ?
3 yes please can i get one for thursday at 17:00 for 6 ?	i have booked that for you and your reference number is eu6j389k anything else i can help with ?
4 that should be it thank you	you are more than welcome !

1 i need a cheap place to dine please	we have 22 inexpensive restaurants what sort of cuisine would you like ?
2 i don t care about the type of food i need a reservation for wednesday night	i can book you for dojo noodle bar how many should i book for and what is the preferred time ?
3 is dojo noodle bar in the centre of town ? i need something in that area please	it is how many people will there be and what time would you like on wednesday ?
4 the reservation needs to be for 2 for 17:00 on wednesday evening do they have a table then ?	the booking was unsuccessful would like to book it at another time ?
5 no it needs to be t 17:00 another restaurant in the same area and price range would work	okay i booked you into the j restaurant that also serves asian food in the cheap price range and your reference number is 7mumbmfd
6 thanks so much that s all i needed	you re welcome enjoy your day

1 please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the centre of town	there are seven restaurants in the centre of town that serve british food ranging from moderate to expensive is there a particular price range you are looking for ?
2 i don t care about the price	ok then i suggest the oak bistro it s located at 6 lensfield road would you like a reservation ?
3 no thanks but could i please have the postcode ?	the post code is cb21eg can i assist you further ?
4 can you please tell me the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223323361
5 great thanks for all your help	no problem did you need anything else ?
6 nope that covers all my needs thanks	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

1 can you help me find a restaurant by the name of loch fyne ?	yes ! the restaurant is at the little rose 37 trumpington street in the expensive price range would you like me to book tickets ?
2 please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on friday	i am sorry there are no reservations at that time can i find you another restaurant that fits what you are looking for ?
3 please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range	i will found you a different restaurant
4 very well i really need a reliable booking make sure you give me a reference number i don t want any confusion when i get there	how does the cambridge chop house sound ? it serves british food ?
5 that would be good i would like to try that one if you recommend it	i was able to successfully book that for you the reference number is 8jkpea74 can i assist with anything else ?
6 no that will be all thanks !	you re welcome have a nice day

1 looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range	is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind ?
2 yes i would like to find something in the south but i dont care food type	peking restaurant is a chinese food restaurant located at 10 homerton street city centre their phone number is 01223 354755
3 thank you !	thank you and have a good day

1 i need some cheap caribbean eats somewhere	i m sorry i was unable to find a restaurant with those criteria would you like to try a different type of restaurant or price range ?
2 i would like the restaurant to be in the centre	the dojo noodle bar in in the centre it serves asian oriental food can i reserve that for you ?
3 no i m not in the mood for that maybe something indian though are there any of those ?	yes there are three cheap indian restaurants in the centre i d suggest kohinoor as it s my favorite would you like to book it ?
4 yes please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on friday	i m sorry that time is not available at kohinoor would you like me to find another restaurant for you ?
5 another in the same area and price	i was able to book the ghandi reference number is 6gpzktwv
6 thank you so much !	you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no that will do it for now bye	goodbye and thank you

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	may i suggest curry prince a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east ?
2 no the west part of town	indian italian and british restaurants are available in the west part of town for a moderate price would you like more information on any or all of these ?
3 what is the address ?	did you want the address for an indian italian or british restaurant ?
4 i don t have a preference as long as it s moderately priced and in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant it is in the moderate price range and it is in the west part of town the address is 205 victoria road chesterton

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food	i m sorry there are no fusion restaurants listed in the cheap price range would you like to try something else ?
2 how about mediterranean food ?	there are two restaurants serving mediterranean food in the expensive price range your options are la mimosa or shiraz restaurant
3 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	la mimosa s address is thompsons lane fen ditton phone number 01223362525
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i need a cheap restuarant probably in the west part of town	how about la margherita ?
2 what kind of food do they serve ?	la margherita is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the cheap price range
3 that sounds good what is their phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 315232
4 that was all i needed bye now	goodbye

1 i d like to find a moderately priced chinese restaurant	golden wok is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in north
2 can you give me the address phone number and area code ?	the golden wok is at 191 histon road chesterton post code c.b 4 3 hl the phone number is 01223 350688
3 thank you very much for the address of the golden wok !	you re welcome good bye !

1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves british food what is the address and phone number ?	there are 5 moderately price restaurants that serve british food is there an area of town that would work best for you ?
2 i do not care please suggest one	saint johns chop house serves british food is in the west area of town and is in the moderate price range
3 what is their address and phone number ?	the phone number is 01223353110 and the address is 21-24 northampton street is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you

1 can you find a restaurant in the west that serves british food ?	there are 3 different restaurants that match your inquiry would you like to know more about them ?
2 i would like to see if one has a table available at 20:00 on tuesday for 4 people	okay i put in a reservation for you at saint johns chop house the reference number is 5cts8f6c is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no that will do thank you very much	thank you for using our services have a great day

1 i m looking for places to eat in the north part of town	its called city stop restaurant serves european food and address is cambridge city football club milton road chesterton
2 is it a cheap restaurant ?	no it is expensive
3 i need a cheap place please	royal spice is cheap and looks great
4 thanks will you please book a table for 6 people on saturday at 12:45 ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : q91f26l3
5 perfect ! thank you for all of your help	you re more than welcome may i do anything else for you today ?
6 wait i might want to change my mind about that restaurant are there any that serve food from corsica ?	no there are none fitting that description sir sorry about that
7 i figured my wife asks me odd random question sometimes had to check i am all set thanks	do you need any further assistance ?
8 no thank you no further questions for now goodbye	thank you for using our services

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food	we do not have any restaurant serving vegetarian food can i help you with anything else ?
2 can you look for vietnamese restaurants then ?	thanh binh serves vietnamese food they are located at 17 magdalene street city centre would you like more information ?
3 no thank you	goodbye
4 goodbye	good bye

1 i am looking for a malaysian restaurant in the east part of town	there are no malaysian restaurants on the east side of town
2 how about indian food ?	curry prince serves indian food and is on the east side of town
3 perfect may i have the address and phone number please ?	the phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton can i help you with anything else today ?
4 that s it thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 how about a turkish restaurant ?	there are three turkish restaurants would you prefer one in the moderate or expensive price range ?
2 moderate price range please	anatolia is a nice restaurant serving turkish food in the moderate price range
3 are there any other turkish restaurants in that price range ?	there is also efes restaurant in the moderate price range it is located in the centre of town
4 that sounds lovely may i have the address and phone number please ?	the address is king street city centre and the phone number is 01223 500005 will there be anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thank you for calling us goodbye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	there are two indian and one italian restaurant which would you prefer ?
2 the italian place and the address please	pizza hut fen ditton is an italian restaurant on the east side of town the address is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton
3 thank you	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i m looking for cafe uno can you help me find where it is ?	absolutely ! caffe uno is located at 32 bridge street city centre
2 great ! i would like to book a table for 1 at 18:15 on friday	i was unable to reserve a table at that time would you like me to find another restaurant ?
3 yes how about another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	how about bedouin they serve african cuisine
4 that sounds good as long as it s in the same area and price range i ll need the reference number too please	great your reference number is k3tpr6ui anything else ?
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome good-bye

1 i d like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	the golden wok serves chinese food is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range
3 is there another one as well ?	yes there is also the nirala which is an indian restaurant would you be interested in more information on that one ?
4 yes could you give me the phone number for the nirala ?	their number is 01223 360966
5 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the north part of town
6 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

1 i need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town	do you have any preference regarding price range ?
2 no	there are no cantonese restaurants located in west are you interested in another type of cuisine ?
3 vietnamese sounds good	thanh binh is in the west part of town would you like the phone number ?
4 yes please and the address as well	the address is 17 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 362456
5 thank you good bye	you are welcome goodbye

1 yes i m looking for a cuban restaurant in the centre	i don t see any cuban restaurants in the centre would you like to look for cuban restaurants in another location ?
2 hmm okay can you search for chinese food instead then please ?	there are 10 entries here i recommend charlie chan
3 that sounds great can i have their phone number and address ?	their phone number is 01223361763 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 yes can i please get their postcode and address ?	it is regent street city centre cb21db
5 thank you very much that s all the information that i need	you re welcome if you need anything in the future feel free to check back with us enjoy your stay !
6 thanks again for the help have a great day goodbye	please let us know if we can help any further have a great day

1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in south is this ok ?
2 what is the price range there ?	nandos is in the cheap price range
3 excellent what is their address and phone number ?	the phone number and address are 01223 327908 cambridge leisure park clifton way
4 thank you goodbye !	you re welcome good bye

1 hello i would like to know if you serve african food if you do can i please get the address phone number and postcode of the venue ?	bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre it s phone number is 01223367660 and it s postcode is c.b 1 2 b.d
2 thank you ! good bye !	you are welcome have a nice day good bye !
3 what is the price range ?	bedouin is in the expensive price range
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 is there anywhere that serves british fish and chips around here ?	there are a lot of restaurants that serve british food do you have a specific area or price range in mind ?
2 i d like something downtown and moderately priced	we do not have any restaurant downtown would you like me search in a different area ?
3 any area is fine really it should be moderately priced however	i found four british restaurants in centre and one in east which area would be more convenient ?
4 east please	i found cotto a moderate british restaurant in the east do you like the address and phone number ?
5 yes i would like the address and phone number please	the address is 183 east road city centre and the phone number is 01223302010
6 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

1 hi ! i need a restaurant that serves chinese food please !	there are quite a few chinese restaurants are you looking for one in particular area or price range ?
2 yes i would like an expensive one please	what about hakka ? it is an expensive chinese restaurant in the north part of town
3 i m looking for a restaurant in the centre of town are there any available ?	i have a listing for ugly duckling,would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 yes please i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on wednesday i would also like a reference number please	i have tang chinese open then reference number is : 1azi69i4 need anything else ?
5 that is everything thanks !	you are welcome enjoy your meal at tang chinese good bye

1 i d like information about a restaurant in south that serves english food	i m sorry there are no restaurants in the south that serve english food can i look for something else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there are three restaurants that serve chinese food in the south part of town what price range would you like ?
3 cheap price range	the lucky star is the only chinese restaurant in the south part of town would you like any specific contact information for them ?
4 yes i would like to know the address please	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton can i help you with anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town	there are 14 restaurants in the west are you looking for a particular cuisine ?
2 i would like christmas food	i m sorry there are no restaurants listed serving christmas food would you like to try a different kind of food ?
3 how about british food ?	there are 3 british restaurants in the west do you like moderate or expensive price range ?
4 either one is fine	graffiti is an expensive restaurant serving british food in the west would you like the phone number address or postcode ?
5 i want the address and phone number	the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223 277977
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 hi i m looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells north indian food	unfortunately there is not hotel with those characteristics perhaps you could try other types of cuisine ?
2 i m looking for a restaurant not a hotel can you try again ?	my apologies i meant to say restaurant not hotel unfortunately there aren t any restaurants that are that price range that serve north indian food
3 okay how about one that serves italian food ?	we have 5 locations that match your criteria what area of town would you like it in ?
4 i would like it to be in the east area of town please	the pizza hut in cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton seems to meet your requirements
5 sounds good can i get the phone number and postcode please ?	the number there is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb58wr anything else ?
6 that is all ! thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 find me expensive restaurant that serves international food	my apologies i could not find any restaurants that serve international food in the expensive price range
2 british	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range
3 what is the phone number ?	it s 01223352500 would you like the address ?
4 no you ve covered it all i believe thanks for your help	you re welcome

1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant that serves kosher food	in which area would you like to find a kosher restaurant in the expensive price range ?
2 i do not care about the location	there are no kosher restaurant in the expensive price range is there another food type or price range that you would like ?
3 how about korean food in the expensive price range ?	there is a korean restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre area of town would you like their information ?
4 yes i would like their address please	the address of little seoul korean restaurant is 108 regent street city centre postcode c.b 2 1 d.p
5 thank you that is all of the info that i needed good bye	you re welcome good bye

1 please provide me information on the restaurant one seven	restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area at moderate prices would you like to book there ?
2 yes i would like to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on wednesday	i have you booked for a table of 3 at 20:00 on wednesday would you like a confirmation receipt ?
3 yes please give me the reference number	i am sorry the booking was unsuccessful can i help you find another place in the same area and price range ?
4 i am disappointed but willing to try another place in the same area and price range what do you recommend ?	there are 21 different restaurants that follow those criteria did you want to stay within the british theme or try something else ?
5 yes we can stick to british please	the oak bistro was available to be booked your reference number is eo5vq6ej
6 thanks for all of your help you were great !	you re welcome ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes enjoy your meal !

1 i m looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please	i m sorry i do not have any japanese restaurants in that price range i do have one expensive listing would you be interested in that ?
2 yes where area is it located in ? i need it to be in the west	it is in the city centre
3 that won t work how about an italian restaurant in the west that is moderately priced ?	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west part of town with a moderate price range would you like to book a table ?
4 yes i would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on friday	i have booked a table for 2 people at 11:00 on friday at prezzo

1 can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the centre ?	there are no restaurants that serve unusual food in the centre would you like to search a different area ?
2 how about british ?	there are seven british restaurants in the center four are moderately priced and three are expensive what is your preference please ?
3 moderate sounds good can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on monday at 18:00 ?	i got a table for you at cotto your reference number is ga03mu3u is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 great ! thank you for the reference number ga03mu3u goodbye	you re very welcome goodbye !

1 please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south	i found two moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town would you prefer italian or modern european food ?
2 italian food	pizza hut cherry hinton is a nice italian restaurant in the moderate price range and it is in the south
3 is there anything else ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is the only italian restaurant in the moderately priced category in the south part of town
4 can i get the address phone number and postcode please ?	the phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton 01223 323737 and they are located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food	there are no restaurants matching your criteria would you like to search for something else ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	saigon city serves asian oriental and they are located in the north although they are quite expensive would you like the address ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number	saigon city s address is 169 high street chesterton chesterton and its phone number is 01223 356555
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the south	hi ! we have mexican italian indian and chinese restaurants that fit the bill do you have any preferences ?
2 i don t have any preference	chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range
3 do you have a phone number for them ?	the number is 01223 400170
4 have a good evening	have a good evening

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant that s in the south part of town
2 i dont want it show me another one	the restaurant alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
3 what is the address please ?	152 - 154 hills road
4 thanks could i get the phone number too ?	restaurant alimentum s phone number is 01223 413000
5 thank you goodbye	you are welcome goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food in the centre of town	la raza is a cheap spanish restaurant in the centre of town
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number to la raza is 01223 464550 and its postcode is c.b 2 3 l.l
3 okay thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food
4 thank you	enjoy your day !

1 i m looking for an upscale expensive place to eat on the west side of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i m really in the mood for jamaican food	i m sorry there are no restaurants matching your criteria
3 how about some indian food ?	okay now i have many options would you like a reservation at one of them ?
4 i would can you book me a table for 1 on tuesday at 11:45 ?	i m sorry all 5 restaurants meeting your criteria are booked at this time would you like me to try a different time slot ?
5 yes can you try 10:45 ?	i was able to book you a table at rice boat on tuesday at 10:45 the reference number is ytg3eogf
6 thank you that s all i need	great ! enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

1 hello i would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town would you like their phone number ?
2 yes and the address	their phone number is 01799 521260 and their address is 21 - 24 northampton road

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range	yes i have nine possibilities fitting those parameters is there a specific type of food you re looking for ?
2 i don t care i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 3ayrgabe
3 thanks for your help	great ! have a nice day !
4 thank you for your help	you re welcome ! bye now !

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving italian food what is the address and phone number ?	i have quite a few restaurants that match your request would you like to narrow it down by area ?
2 no that doesn t matter	ask is a cheap restaurant serving italian food in the centre of town the address is 12 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223 364917
3 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve italian food
4 thank you i ll check it out	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to eat maybe austrian food	we have no austrian restuarants sorry is there another type of restaurant i could look up for you ?
2 hmm i guess i could try british food instead	there are 11 british restaurants in the centre of town do you have a price range ?
3 moderate price range would be great	there are 5 british restaurants in the moderate price range do you have a specific area you would prefer ?
4 no the area does not matter i need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on friday if that time doesn t work then 11:15 i also need the reference number	i would recommend the oak bistro located in the centre will this work for you ?
5 do they have a table available on friday at 12:15 ?	your table is booked ref# u0zzrfl7 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that s it thanks for all your help today goodbye	you re so welcome good day

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves thai food	i have to options for thai food in the expensive price range bangkok city and sala thong
2 is there anything else ?	those are the only results for expensive thai food
3 may i have the address and postcode for sala thong then ?	the address of sala thong is 35 newnham road newnham and the postcode is c.b 3 9 ey
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves modern european food	i recommend the restaurant alimentum at 152 - 154 hills road
2 i want to book a table for 2 people at 19:00 on sunday	have you made the reservation ?
3 no i would like you to make the reservation for me please	i couldn t find an available table for you would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 i guess that would be fine i really want modern european food could you make sure it is in the same area and price range	unfortunatly i can not find anything available given your parameters
5 i need a place to dine does not matter what type in the moderate price range	i was able to book yippee noodle bar reference number is ucwkfis4
6 thank you for your time i appreciate it	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that will be it thank you	okay enjoy your dinner

1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range
2 is there anything else ? i also want its phone number	royal spice is an indian restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is on the north side of town the phone number is 01223 351707
3 okay thank you for that	thank you and good bye

1 can you help me find a restaurant by the name of bangkok city ?	certainly bangkok city is a thai restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
2 no thank you i would like to book a reservation for wednesday at 5:45 pm	and how many people will the reservation be for ?
3 there are 6 of us	unfortunately the restaurant is booked would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 yes something in the same area and same pricerange please	i can book reservations for a thai in the centre area that meets your needs
5 yes please that would be great we love thai	i am so sorry but i was not able to book this would you like to try a different restaurant ?
6 yes please try to book a different thai restaurant	great news i was able to book the sala thong and your reference number is vmhj6y3i
7 thanks so much that is awesome ! have a good day !	you re very welcome goodbye

1 what is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants in the south of town in the cheap price range would you prefer portuguese of chinese ?
2 is there anything else ? if not chinese	the lucky star is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 yes can you give me the address ?	the address of the lucky star is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you	excellent have a wonderful evening

1 hello ! i am looking for the address and phone number of a lebanese restaurant in the centre	ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre area its address is 59 hills road city phone number is 01462 432565
2 thank you goodbye	thank you

1 i would like to find somewhere with expensive kosher food	i m not seeing any expensive kosher restaurants would you like to try a different price range perhaps ?
2 sure i also need the restaurant to be in the center	sorry it looks like there are no kosher restaurants in any price range in town at all would you like another food type ?
3 sure let s try italian instead	there are 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town i suggest caffe uno at 32 bridge street city centre would you like to make a reservation ?
4 caffe uno sounds great can i get their phone number please ?	their phone number is 01223448620 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no you ve been very helpful thank you ! good bye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant	i show two that are located in the centre we have the la mimosa or the shiraz restaurant may i book a table for you ?
2 could you check either to see if i could make a reservation for 8 people at 15:00 on monday ?	yes i have successfully books you at the shiraz resturant address 84 regent street city centre your reference number is 9oe645ny you should arrive within 15 minutes of your time
3 thank you very much	thank you very much

1 i am looking for an expensive french restaurant in town	there are two expensive french restaurants cote in the center and restaurant two two in the north do you want further information on either of these ?
2 are there any other expensive french restaurants ?	those are the only two expensive french restaurants i have listed would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine ?
3 is there anything else ?	restaurant two two is a french restaurant and it is in the expensive price range would you like the address and phone number ?
4 actually could i have the phone number of cote ?	sure the phone number is 01223 311053
5 okay i think that does it thanks for that	thank you goodbye

1 i want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town i would also like its phone number	hi ! royal standard is an excellent expensive gastropub in the east area their number is 01223247877 anything else ?
2 i appreciate your help good bye	have a great evening ! goodbye !

1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food	the gardenia is a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food is the centre part of town okay for you ?
2 yes thank you could you tell me the address and phone number of that restaurant ?	certainly the gardenia is located at 2 rose crescent city centre and can be reached at 01223 356354 may i be of further assistance ?
3 the gardenia sounds good thanks	good bye

1 hello i m seeking a cheap restaurant	okay i can help you with that are you interested in a particular type of food ? or perhaps a certain part of town ?
2 i would like mediterranean food	the gardenia serves mediterranean and is in the cheap price range would you like to book a table ?
3 great can i get the postcode and address ?	their postcode is cb23ll and they are located at 2 rose crescent city centre
4 thank you that s all i need today	thank you goodbye

1 is there an expensive french restaurant in town ?	i show two french restaurants cote and restaurant two two
2 which is closest to me ?	what area is closer to you north or centre ?
3 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve french food
4 i don t know	cote is located at bridge street city centre and restaurant two two is at 22 chesterton road chesterton how else may i assist you ?
5 thank you	thank you good bye

1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves italian food	there are two italian restaurants in the south part of town would you prefer a moderate or expensive option ?
2 moderate is fine can you give me the address and postcode ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton postcode c.b 1 7 dy
3 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town ?	yes there is one thai restaurant in that area would you like more details on this restaurant ?
2 what is the address ?	the address is 24 green street city centre
3 what is the phone number and price range ?	bangkok city is expensive their phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you find ?
4 no that s all the information i needed thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves irish food	i m sorry there is not restaurants matching your request would you like to try something else ?
2 yes i would like an expensive restaurant that serves british food can i have the phone number please ?	how about graffiti they serve british food and are in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 352500
3 perfect ! thanks good-bye !	you re welcome good bye

1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town	we certainly have plenty expensive places in the center of town ! what type of cuisine are you looking for ?
2 honestly i am not sure which ones do you show available ?	we have just about anything you can think of from loch fyne s seafood to bedouin s african
3 can you make a reservation at loch fyne s for 4 people at 14:30 on sunday ?	i was able to reserve that for you your reference number is 439gp4j5 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 thanks so much that is all i need have a great day	you as well enjoy your meal !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves kosher food	there are no restaurants matching your request may i help you find a different one ?
2 ok how about an italian restaurant ?	there are two italian restaurants in the west area la margherita is in the cheap price range prezzo is in the moderate price range
3 what is the phone number for prezzo ?	the phone number for prezzo is 01799 521260
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food	i m sorry i can t find any world food restaurants located in the centre
2 how about a restaurant in the centre that serves korean food ?	little seoul is a great place that fits your description would you like me to book you a table ?
3 yes please i would like a table for 7 on tuesday try for 11:15 please	i have nothing available for that day and time slot can i book you another day or time slot at that restaurant ?
4 how about 10:15 ?	i have you booked for 7 at little seoul on tuesday at 10:15 here is the reference number for your booking: kahfbhyi
5 thank you so much for your help bye	glad i could help today is there anything else that i can resolve for you ?

1 could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town ?	both the restaurant alimentum and the peking restaurant are expensive restaraunts in the south part of town would you like their phone numbers ?
2 yes what kind of food do they serve ?	restaurant alimentum serves modern european food and peking restaurant serves chinese
3 could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better ?	peking restaurant s phone number is 01223 354755 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town what is the address ?	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 any type of food is fine just need to know where it is located	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in south it is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you	thank you for calling and please use our system again goodbye
4 goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food	i m sorry there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants in town can i help you find anything else ?
2 could you find me an asian oriental restaurant instead ?	saigon city is an expinsive asian oriental restraunt in the north area of town
3 what is the phone number and area ?	the phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in the north part of the town
4 thank you goodbye !	goodbye

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food	yes i have several options for you do you have a preferred prices range you are looking for ?
2 do any of them have an opening for 5 people friday night at 17:30 ?	there are 9 italian restaurants in the center of town i recommend pizza express fen ditton however the restaurant is fully booked do you have a price range ?
3 is there another restaurant available in the same area at that time in the same price range ?	if you like asian food i can check the yippee noodle bar which is in the same area and the same price range

1 i am looking for bistro food	i cannot find any restaurants matching your request can i find something else for you instead ?
2 how about a restaurant serving portuguese food ?	nandos city centre which is in the south part of town serves portuguese food and they are in the cheap price range
3 may i have the address and phone number of nandos ?	nandos address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and their phone number is 01223 327908
4 thank you	you re welcome have a nice day

1 i want something that s moderately priced any type of food	what area would you like ?
2 i would like the north part of town please	golden wok serves chinese food would you like their address and phone number ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food

1 i am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town	do you have a price ranger preference ?
2 he restaurant should be in the expensive price range	there are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of the city what type of cuisine are you seeking ?
3 i d like japanese food please	yes i found a perfect fit for you wagamama is a japanese restaurant that serves expensive food in the center of town would you like their address and telephone number ?
4 yes please as well as their postcode	the address is 36 saint andrews street cb23ar and the phone number is 01223462354
5 thank you for your help i appreciate it !	you re welcome do you need any further assistance ?
6 no thank you that will be all for today !	you re very welcome feel free to call us again in the future have a nice evening

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what type of food would you like ? british indian gastropub or chinese ?
2 it doesn t matter	yu garden is a chinese restaurant located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
3 yes and could you also give me their phone number ?	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and its phone number is 01223248882 can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food what is the phone number and address ?	la raza serves cheap spanish food located in the centre area at 4 - 6 rose crescent with phone number 01223 464550
2 thanks goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
3 goodbye	thank you

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town i d also like the restaurant s phone number	there are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town la margherita is an italian restaurant and thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant would you like the phone number for one or both of those ?
2 vietnamese sounds good could i have the phone number for thanh binh ?	the phone number is 01223 362456
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye have a nice day

1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food	there are no restuarants on the west side of town the serves jamaican food is there another type of food you woluld like ?
2 how about chinese food ?	peking restaurant serves chinese food it is in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 just their address please	the peking restaurant is at 10 homerton street city centre can i be of further help ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants serving christmas food can i find anything else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there are three restaurants in the south part of town that serve chinese food what price range would you like ?
3 i dont care	i would recommend peking restaurant which is a nice restaurant in the south
4 can i have the address of them also the price range ?	peking restaurant is expensive its location is at 10 homerton street city centre
5 thank you good bye	enjoy your meal goodbye

1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves australasian food	i m sorry but i cannot find any restuarant serving australasian food can i help you find something else ?
2 how about international type of food ?	bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is in the centre part of town it has a moderate price range and the phone number is 0871 942 9180

1 restaurant on the south side please	would you be interested in a wonderful indian restaurant called tandoori palace ?
2 no actually can you suggest me some kosher places ?	there are no kosher restaurants in that area would you like to search another area or food type ?
3 a portuguese restaurant might be nice	there is ali baba at 59 hills road city centre phone number is 01462 432565

1 i would like a traditional food restaurant	what price range do you have in mind ?
2 i don t care	no matching records were found can you be more specific ?
3 how about vietnamese food ?	thanh binh serves vietnamese food and is located in the west part of town would you like more info on it ?
4 yes i would like their address and phone number please	thanh binh s address is 17 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223 362456
5 and also postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
6 thank you for your help goodbye !	you re welcome and do call us again ! goodbye

1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant called hk fusion what info can you get me for that ?	hk fusion is a chinese restuarant located in the centre of town at 21 burleigh street city centre
2 what is the phone number and food type ?	it s a chinese restaurant and the phone number is 01223355909 may i help with anything else ?
3 no i think that s all i need to know thanks for the help	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
4 yes and then some ! thanks so much	that s great glad we could help ! goodbye

1 i would like a moderate european place to eat	i have found 5 restaurants that match what you re looking for would you like me to go through them ?
2 yes please go through them	the first restaurant is the hotel du vin and bistro then there is the galleria restaurant alimentum de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie which one would you prefer ?
3 i am not sure but i need to make the reservation for 8 people at 16:30 on saturday	i made a reservation at de luca cucina and bar the reference number 0plz0ise
4 great thanks ! that s all for now bye !	enjoy your meal

1 can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town ?	how about grafton hotel restaurant it serves british
2 no i am not interested in british right now do you have any other listings ?	there are four more results what type of food are you interested in ?
3 i don t care	pipasha restaurant is in the expensive price range and in the east part of town they serve indian food
4 great ! can you please let me know their contact number ?	you can reach pipasha restaurant at 01223 577786
5 thank you	is there anything else i can help you find today ?
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i want a reservation that has expensive price range and should be in the centre	i have 33 options for you is there a particular cuisine that you are interested in ?
2 i want british food	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food in the centre area would you like a reservation ?
3 no that won t be necessary i ll just need the phone and address please	they re at 51 trumpington street city centre and their phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no you were great enjoy the rest of your day	thank you for using our services

1 hi i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	the pizza hut cherry hinton is moderately priced and in the south part of town would you like their location ?
2 yes i would like the location and the phone number please	the address of pizza hut cherry hinton is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 i need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	the curry prince is in the moderate price range and it is on the east part of town
2 can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant ?	yes the curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that will do it thank you very much	thank you good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving italian food	there are 9 available what price range do you prefer ?
2 ii d like a moderately priced place	there are two in that price range i suggest pizza express !
3 that sounds good enough what s the address there ?	the address is regent street city centre would you like me to book a table ?
4 no i just needed to know where it was thank you	awesome take care !

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve african food and should be in the centre	there is one african restuarant in the center it is named bedouin and is expensive their phone number is 01223367660 would you like me to book for you ?
2 first what is the address please ?	bedouin 100 mill road city centre
3 thanks what s the price range and phone number ?	it s an expensive restaurant and the number is 01223367660
4 thanks for your help	thank you goodbye

1 id like to eat at an expensive indian place know any ?	there are many to choose from,can i get what area you would like the restaurant to be at to narrow it down ?
2 how about in the city centre ?	there are 6 indian restaurants that fit this would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes which of them have the best reviews ?	i am sorry i cannot see the reviews i can give you their phone numbers and you may call them if you like
4 can you see which ones have availability sunday at 19:15 for 2 people ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : k3ebx9qt the booking is at the golden curry need anything else ?
5 nope that would be it thanks for all the help have a nice day !	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre

1 is there a cheap place in the north part of town ?	there are two restaurants that meet your specification one is italian and the other is indian which would you prefer ?
2 italian please can you give me the address ?	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town their address is 20 milton road chesterton
3 what is the phone number please ?	da vinci pizzeria s phone number is 01223351707 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that will be it thank you	you re welcome goodbye

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south of town and is in the cheap price range
2 can i have the address and phone number ?	the address is 3-34 saint andrews street and the phone number is 01223 327908 do you need anything else ?
3 no thank you goodbye	have a wonderful day and enjoy your food

1 i m trying to find information on a particular restaurant it is called la margherita	la margherita is in the west cheaply priced located at 15 magdalene street city centre and can be reached at 01223315232
2 what kind of food do they serve there ?	it appears they serve italian food would you like me to book you a table ?
3 no that is all i need thank you	you re more than welcome !

1 hello ! i would like to go to a restaurant in the east please	there are nine restaurants in the east do you want a certain price range ?
2 moderate price please	i have two indian restaurants and one italian restaurant do you have a preference ?
3 i would like to try the italian one what is the restaurant s name please ?	it is pizza hut fen ditton
4 can i get the address postcode too please ?	the address is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton postcode cb58wr anything else ?
5 thanks a lot that would be all	you are welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge

1 i want your most expensive restaurant in the south town	there are five restaurants that are in the south part of town and in the expensive price range what type of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant that serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is in the south part of town
3 ok can you tell me the other restaurants ?	yes there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria there is frankie and bennys peking restaurant taj tandoori and the good luck chinese food takeaway
4 great ! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie and bennys ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 hello ! i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre	there are several options available would you be willing to give me more information on what kind of food you are looking for ?
2 i want asian oriental food	sure we have yippee noodle bar in the town centre shall i book a table ?
3 is the yippee noodle bar moderately priced ?	yes it is moderately priced
4 that sounds perfect i don t need a reservation right now but could you give me the address phone number and postcode please ?	sure thing the address is 40428 king street city centre postcode cb11lh and the phone number is 01223518111 can i help you find anything else ?
5 no i m all set thanks for your help !	i m glad we were able to help you today have a wonderful weekend !

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town what do you have available ?	i show two restaurants that fit your criteria one is chinese and one is indian which one would you like to find out more about ?
2 please tell me the address and phone number of the indian restaurant	the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966 will that be all or can i assist you further ?
3 that s all i need thank you goodbye !	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i d like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town	golden wok is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town in the moderate price range
2 i d like to have their phone number and address	their phone number is 01223 350688 and their address is 191 histon road chesterton
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 one in the east part of town	there are several restaurants in the east part of town do you have a preference for the type of food or price range ?
2 and serves irish style food please	i apologize there are no restaurants in the east part of town that serve irish food would you like to choose a different part of town or type of food ?
3 indian food in the east part of town would be good	there are four restaurants in the east part of town that serve indian food what price range would you like ?
4 it doesn t matter	curry prince is an indian restaurant located in the east part of town in the moderate price range would you like any additional information ?
5 may i have the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 566388
6 what is the address ?	curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 thank you goodbye	okay thank you
8 good bye	good bye

1 hello i m looking for an italian restaurant on the east side thank you !	i show one called the pizza hut fen ditton that serves italian style food and is located on the east side in the cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton
2 is this restaurant in the moderate price range ?	it is listed in the moderate range would you like to book a reservation ?
3 yes book a table for 8 on sunday at 19:30 please	i m sorry we were not able to book a table at that restaurant would you like me to find another restaurant ?
4 no i will call back thank you	let me know what else you need
5 can you find another restaurant int he same area and price range for me ?	i was able to book rajmahal reference number is ksfskic1
6 i did not say to book rajmahal what type of food does it serve ?	they serve indian food
7 if there are not any italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced rajmahal will be fine	your reservation is made the number is ksfskic1
8 thank you for your help bye	the address and phone for the rajmahal is 7 barnwell road fen ditton cb58rg 01223244955 enjoy our city
9 i hope to goodbye	have a nice day then !

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food	eraina would fit the bill
2 what is the address phone number and price range ?	it s pretty expensive it s at free school lane city centre and you can call them at 01223 368786 anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that will be all thanks !	you re welcome !

1 i m looking for a place serving spanish food somewhere in town	there are two spanish restaurants both of which are in the town center la raza is rated cheap la tasca is rated moderately priced please choose one of those options
2 i don t have a preference please make a suggestion	la raza serves spanish food is located in the centre part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like more information for them ?
3 i will go to la tasca what is their phone number ?	la tasca s phone number is 01223 464630
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south would you like more information on them ?
2 is there anything else ?	yes chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is located in the south part of town
3 may i have their address and phone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton its phone number is 01223400170 would you like anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	thanks for your call goodbye !

1 please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving brazilian food	i m sorry but there are no moderately priced brazilian restaurants
2 could you recommend an indian restaurant in the same price range ?	sure there are 4 indian restaurants in the moderate price range do you prefer a certain part of town ?
3 no i don t care	how about curry prince which is in the east part of town and serves indian food ?
4 that sounds good what is the address and phone number ?	the phone number for the curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton
5 is there any other indian restaurants in the same price range ?	meghna serves moderately priced indian food in the west part of town
6 thank you for all your help and have a nice evening	no problem you enjoy your meal !

1 i m looking for something cheap in the south part of town	there are two restaurants serving cheap food in the south part of town do you have a preference of portuguese or chinese food ?
2 either is fine can you provide the address and phone number ?	nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way their phone number is 01223 327908 can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves traditional food	there are no restaurants matching your request would you like a different one ?
2 please find moderately price restaurants that serve spanish type of food	the only restaurant fitting such criteria is la tasca
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	the address is 14 - 16 bridge street the postcode is cb21uf and the phone number is 01223 464630
4 thank you goodbye	you are welcome good bye

1 hi i m trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town	there are several good restaurants in the south part of town do you have a preference for the type of food or price range ?
2 yes i d like a restaurant that serves portuguese food	nandos is the only restaurant i can find in the south that serves portuguese
3 nandos sounds great thank you	thank you good bye
4 goodbye	goodbye

1 i could really use something to eat	i have over 100 restaurants to choose from would you mind narrowing down your search for me with perhaps a food type or price range ?
2 expensive restaurant in the centre please	any particular type of food you re hankering for ?
3 not really which is your favorite ? i ll book that for 13:00 thursday there will be 6 of us	i m sorry i have not found anything for that time yet can you choose another day or time please ? are you sure you don t have a preference for food type ?
4 let s try to book it for 12:00 then for 6 people on thursday i ll also need a reference number	which restuarant do you want to book at ?
5 i m not sure just something expensive we are celebrating	i booked you at curry queen your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is c06rjunl
6 thank you for your help this is all i needed	you re welcome please come again if you need more help

1 are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food ?	i m sorry there aren t any middle eastern restaurants is there another type of food you d like to try ?
2 can you try the search again looking for portugeuese food instead ?	sure ! i actually have two restaurants listed in both the southern and center points of town that serve portuguese food are you interested in one of these ?
3 i would like the one that is in the centre of town can you book me a table there for thursday at 11:30 ? there will be 6 of us	i m sorry but the restaurant isn t available for that time is there another time or day you d like to try ?
4 can you try 10:30 instead ?	you re all set i have book a table for 6 at 10:30 reference # 2801gmop can i help with anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your day

1 i m looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving french food could you please give me their phone numbers ?	there is a very good french restaurant in the centre of town their phone number is 01223 311053
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 are you able to help me find an expensive british restaurant in cambridge please ?	what area would you like the restaurant to be located in ?
2 i don t really have a preference can you recommend a restaurant ? as long as it serves expensive british food i ll be happy	i would recommend fitzbillies restaurant in the centre of town would you like me to reserve a table for you ?
3 yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 12:45 on thursday	ok i have your reservation booked your reference number is 0sajlxk8 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no that s all for today goodbye !	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town	i have 33 restaurants that meet your requests can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter i just need a table for 3 for friday night at 19:00	would you like me to try and make a reservation for the cambridge chop house ?
3 yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you	there is no availability at that time would you like to try another time or restaurant ?
4 can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange ?	how about fitzbillies restaurant ? it s also an expensive british restaurant in the centre of the city
5 yes try that please	alright i have your table booked at fitzbillies restaurant the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is: bcvphb3u anything else today ?
6 no thanks that is everything	no problem enjoy your meal on friday good bye

1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food	i found one in the south part of town and one in the centre
2 can i have the address of the location in the centre of town ?	the address to nandos is 33-34 saint andrews street it servers portuguese food and is in the centre of town.is there anythig else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you good bye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town	cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant in the west part of town
2 how about a moderately priced russian restaurant ? i don t care what part of town it s in	i am sorry there is no moderately priced russian restaurant would you like me to check for a restaurant serving a different type of food ?
3 how about chinese food ?	i m sorry there are no chinese restaurants listed in the west part of town in the moderate price range would you like to try something else ?
4 i would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town	jinling noodle bar shanghai family restaurant and lan hong house are in the centre golden wok is in the north
5 what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 566188
6 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the centre part of town
7 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called panahar	panahar is an indian restaurant in the centre of town it is in the expensive price range would you like to book a table there ?
2 can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday ?	got it - the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is : vx589a4m can i help with anything else ?
3 no that s it for me today thanks for your help !	you re very welcome ! have a great time !

1 can i have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?	i found several would you care for a specific type of food ?
2 i do not care	there are three options which match your request how about meghna which serves indian food ?
3 yes it will do can i have the phone number please ?	meghna s phone number is 01223 727410
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant it is in the moderate price range and it is in the west part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 yes and the address and postcode please	the phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 victoria road chesterton the postcode is c.b 4 3 lf
3 perfect thanks for the information goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called royal standard	royal standard is located at 290 mill road city centre would you like to know more about the restaurant ?
2 i d like to book for 1 person at 1145 on thursday please	sorry looks like there s no availability want to try another day or time slot ?
3 what about we try booking for friday ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : pj7x1nhs
4 ok thank you that is all i needed	thank you for using our services

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town serving british food would you like their location ?
2 address and phone number please	grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton the phone number is 01223 241387
3 ok thank you and good bye	you re welcome goodbye
4 goodbye	enjoy your meal

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east side would you like the address or phone number ?
2 yes please could you tell me both the address and phone number ?	they are at finders corner newmarket road and their number is 01223 812660
3 thank you good bye	thank you and goodbye !

1 i would really like to find a basque restaurant on the west side does that exist ?	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving basque food in the west part of town would you like a different type of food ?
2 how about italian food	la margherita is an italian restaurant in the west part of town would you like their location ?
3 no what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 315232
4 thank you	you re welcome is there anything else ?
5 no thank you !	thank you

1 i m looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town ask for address phone number and type of food	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town their address is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 241387
2 thank you goodbye	you are welcome

1 i am looking for a resteraunt that serves japanese food any price range is fine what do you have available ?	i found wagamama in the centre part of town
2 what is their address phone number and postcode ?	wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street its phone number is 1223 462354 and the postcode is cb23ar is there anything i can help you with ?
3 thank you	you re welcome good bye
4 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves kosher food in the west side	i m sorry we don t have any kosher restaurants on the west side would you like to try a different cuisine type ?
2 i was really hoping for kosher	unfortunately there are no kosher restaurants anywhere in the city can i help you find something else ?
3 how about an expensive indian restaurant ? i know there are many of those !	we have 5 in the west side cocum is very popular would you like to try there ?
4 sure what s cocum s address phone number and postcode ?	here is the information you ve requested for cocum: 71 castle street city centre 01223366668 cb30ah
5 great thank you ! that is all i need today	you re quite welcome thank you and goodbye !

1 yes i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre	there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town do you have a food type preference ?
2 no maybe you could book me at your favorite for saturday ? there will be 8 of us at 17:30	well my personal favorite is copper kettle i ve booked you a table for 8 on saturday at 17:30 your reference number is lsqyzi7o
3 great thanks so much !	you re welcome do you need anymore assistance today ?
4 no that was all i needed thanks for the help have a great day	thank you enjoy your visit goodbye !

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves persian food	there are no persian restaurants listed is there something else i can search for ?
2 how about a restaurant that serves european food ?	there are 4 restaurants that meet those specification do you have a preference of the area of town it is located at ?
3 the area doesn t matter	okay i suggest the cambridge lodge restaurant they serve great european food and are located in the west part of town would you like their phone number ?
4 yes please and the address as well	their address is hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and their phone number is 01223 355166
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?	la margherita is an italian restaurant it is located at 15 magdalene street city centre phone number is 01223 315232
2 thank you very much bye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for a place that has chinese food	there are 17 chinese restaurants do you prefer any price range or any area in town ?
2 yes i m looking for the address of one in the east part of town	yu garden is a great but expensive chinese restaurant they are located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 are there any australian food places in the south part of town ?	i was not able to find any australian restaurants in the south part of town
2 are you sure ? i am really looking for an expensive australian place to dine in the south	yes there are no expensive australian restaurants in the south part of town would you like to look in a different area ?
3 no lets keep the same area but see if there might be an indian restaurant instead	how about taj tandoori ? it is an expensive indian restaurant in the south side
4 okay i want to book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on sunday	i was not able to book you a table for this time would you like to try a different day or time ?
5 can you see if a table is available at 15:30 ?	i was able to book a table of 5 for 15:30 at taj tandoori on sunday your reference number is hjzcph80 your table will be reserved for 15 minutes
6 great thank you for your help today	it was my pleasure was there anything else i could assist you with ?
7 no that s it for today goodbye	thank you for calling in enjoy !

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are mexican chinese italian and indian restaurants in the area are there any food type in particular you would like ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range
3 what is the address and phone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	we have two restaurants that meet your criteria are you more interested in chinese of portuguese food ?
2 chinese what is the number ?	the lucky star is a chinese restaurant in the south and is in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 244277
3 what is their address ?	cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 what is the postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
5 thank you very much	thank you goodbye

1 i would like to find a restaurant in the centre of town that serves irish food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants matching your criteria would you like a different style of food ?
2 how about french food ?	there is cote an expensive french restaurnt in the centre of town
3 okay may i have the phone number and address please ?	sure cote is located at bridge street city centre its phone number is 01223311053 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you	okay thank you
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	i found two restaurants in the moderate price range in the north part of town would you prefer chinese or indian food ?
2 can i have the address of the chinese restaurant ?	the golden wok is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town the address is 191 histon road chesterton
3 ok thank you good bye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range can you help me ?	you re in luck we have many moderately priced restaurants in the centre cuisine offerings vary from asian oriental to european what sounds good to you today ?
2 is there chinese available ?	yes there are 3 can i make a dinner reservation for you at one of them ?
3 yes please make it for sunday at 14:00 for 4 people and can i also get the reference number ?	i was able to book ian hong house reference number is e8v1xgoa
4 thanks so much !	is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
5 no thank you that will be all	great ! please contact us again if you need anything else

1 i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food	i m sorry there are no international restaurants listed in that area would you like to try something else ?
2 are there any italian restaurants in that part of town ?	yes da vinci pizzeria restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range would you like more information for them ?
3 yes the address and phone number please	here is the information you have requested phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 milton road chesterton will that be all ?
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves steakhouse food ?	unfortunately there are no restaurants that suits you do you want to try something else ?
2 yes how about a restaurant serving british food ?	i ve found several british restaurants in the expensive price range does the area of town matter to you ?
3 no it doesn t matter	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food is located in the center of town and is in the expensive price range
4 may i have the phone number please ?	certainly the number is 01223 352500 can i assist you any further ?
5 can i have the address please ?	fitzbillies restaurant is located at 51 trumpington street city centre can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that was it thank you	thanks have a nice day

1 i need to find some caribbean food in south town	there are no caribbean restaurants in the south of town would you like something else ?
2 how about an italian restaurant ? i will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant	there is frankie and bennys their post code is c.b 1 7 d.y and their phone number is 01223 412430
3 what part of town is frankie and bennys located ?	frankie and bennys is in the south part of town
4 thank you goodbye	bye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 is there anything else ?	peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant located in the south part of town and is expensive price range do you need any additional information ?
3 i need the address	peking is at 10 homerton street city centre do you need their phone number ?
4 no this is it thank you so much	you re very welcome

1 what kind of restaurants are on the east side of town ?	there are british indian italian international and chinese restaurant plus a gastropub
2 i would like an indian restaurant	curry prince is located in the east area and serves indian food
3 what is the address and phone number ?	their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and phone 01223 566388
4 thank you goodbye	glad to be of service goodbye

1 can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town ?	how about the lucky star a nice chinese place in the south
2 is it cheap and in the south ?	yes the lucky star is both cheap and in the south part of town
3 ok what is the address ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for the lucky star is 01223 244277 is there anything i can help you with ?
5 that is all thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal ?

1 i want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town what is the address and postcode ?	how about the missing sock ? they serve international food at finders corner newmarket road postal code c.b 25 9 a.q
2 thank you goodbye	woah okay bye

1 hi i am trying to find some information on a restaurant called india house have you heard of it ?	india house serves indian food in the west of town and is expensive their phone number is 0122346166 can i help with anything else ?
2 great can you book a table for one person at 12:00 on sunday ?	i m sorry they don t have an opening at 12:00 would you like to try a different time or day ?
3 sure let s try for 11:00 same day	i was able to book your table on sunday at 11:00 for 1 the reference number is frgw4oo2
4 thanks that covers it then !	i m so happy we could help you out today enjoy your meal in cambridge !

1 i would like a cheap spanish restaurant	la raza is a cheap spanish restaurant would you like their phone number or address ?
2 yes please	la raza s phone number is 01223 464550 and the address is 4 - 6 rose crescent anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	good bye

1 i would like a cheap mexican restaurant please	what part of town would you like to dine in ?
2 i don t care	i m sorry but our only mexican restaurant is expensive would you like more information or could i search for another type of restaurant for you ?
3 is there any cheap vietnamese locations ?	thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant
4 may i get the phone number of thank binh please ?	the phone number for thanh binh is 01223 362456 may i help you with anything else today ?
5 no i believe that it s thanks for your help	you re welcome

1 can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town ?	taj tandoori is the only one matching your request you can contact them at 01223 412299
2 what is the address and price range ?	the address of the venue is 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton and in expensive price range
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and come again

1 yes i d like some information on finding a particular restaurant the restaurant should serve a variety of jamaican food and ideally i d like it to be located in the south please	i m sorry but i have no jamaican restaurants located in the south could we try another part of the city or different food type ?
2 no i am looking for that specifically	then we have a problem because such a restaurant does not exist i m sorry is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 how about one that serves italian food ?	i have listings for 2 italian places,one moderate and one expensive which one you like information on ?
4 i d like to book at the expensive place there will be 8 of us and we d like to eat at 15:00 on monday	i apologize the booking was unsuccessful would you like to look at another restaurant
5 can you find me another restaurant int he same area and price range please ?	would you like to try chiquito restaurant bar ?
6 yes please try booking that for me	wonderful i was successful in booking the chiquito restaurant for you and your reference number is ocgzrnu0
7 thank you so much for all of your help that will be all	you are welcome thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

1 can you recommend a restaurant that serves french food ? not too expensive please	there are no french restaurants matching your requests can i help you with something else ?
2 how about a french restaurant in any price range ?	cote is a french restaurant in the city centre in the expensive price range
3 can you please give me their address and phone number	cote s phone number is 01223 311053 and they are located at bridge street city centre is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 thank you that is all i needed to know bye bye !	you re welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food and is moderately priced	which area would you like ?
2 i do not care what area it is in	there are no moderately priced moroccan restaurants in any area might another type of food interest you ?
3 yes what about turkish food ?	anatolia and efes restaurants are turkish
4 may i have the address of anatolia ?	the address is 30 bridge street city centre
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	the grafton hotel restaurant is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range would you like their information ?
2 yes please	they are located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton postcode c.b 5 8 p.a and phone number 01223 241387 how else may i assist you ?
3 is there something else ?	pipasha restaurant is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the address and phone number ?	pipasha restaurant s phone number is 01223 577786 and they are located at newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves brazilian food	there are no restaurants matching your request
2 can you look for asian oriental food ?	dojo noodle bar is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town
3 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you for using this system and please call again goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves fusion food	which area you would like to search in ?
2 i don t care	i am sorry there is no restaurant serving fusion food in the moderate price range would you like any other type of food or different price range ?
3 bummer how about some reasonably priced chinese food then ?	there are 4 chinese restaurants three in the center of town and one in the north part of town all moderatly priced
4 what is the phone number of one of them ?	the lan hong house is great their phone number is 01223 350420 would you like any additional information about them ?
5 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve chinese food
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	would you like chinese or indian food ?
2 i don t care give me the phone number and postcode	golden wok serves chinese food their phone number is 01223 350688 and their postcode is c.b 4 3 hl
3 thank you	you re welcome

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east	do you have a specific food type that you prefer ?
2 are there any swedish places ?	i m sorry i didn t find any matches
3 darn alright can we search chinese instead then please ?	yes there is one match a restaurant called yu garden
4 thanks could you book a table for 6 people on monday at 15:15 ?	the reservation was successful and they will hold the table for your party for 15 minutes
5 thank you very much what is the reference number ?	reference number is : 768crnly is there anything else i can assist you with ?
6 no thanks you ve been great !	thank you very much have a great day

1 i am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north	would you like to eat asian oriental chinese european or french ?
2 i think chinese may have caught my attention	the hotpot is an expensive chinese restaurant in that area
3 great can i get their phone number as well please ?	the phone number for the hotpot is 01223366552 would you like me to book you a table ?
4 no thank you have a great day !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food ?	no there are none is there another type of food you would liked to try ?
2 what about any expensive restaurants with traditional american food in the centre of town ?	no i m sorry there are not there are a number of other expensive restaurants in the centre ? might you try a different cuisine ?
3 sure how about italian ?	yes don pasquale pizzeria has italian food and is in the center of town
4 the restaurant sounds good please book a table for sunday at 17:00 for 4 people	your booking for 4 at don pasquale pizzeria is complete ! here is your reference number dpmrytrl how else may i assist you today ?
5 that will be all thank you goodbye !	you re welcome enjouy your meal

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the west side that s in the moderate price range	i have three listings,one for british,indian,italian are any of those types of food you are looking for ?
2 are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday ?	there are two restaurants available the indian restaurant meghna and the italian restaurant prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday which one do you prefer ?
3 the italian restaurant prezzo sounds good	booking was successful table will be reserved for 15 mins reference number is : gvokli1a anything else ?
4 nope thats it thanks	you re welcome have a great day !

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north an italian restaurant and a chinese restaurant would you like more information ?
2 what is the address of anyone of them ?	the golden wok is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the north located at 191 histon road chesterton can i be of further assistance ?
3 thank you	you re welcome enjoy your food
4 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for using the system

1 can you help me find restaurant one seven ?	i have restaurant one seven located in centre phone number is 01223337766 would you like for me to make a reservation for you ?
2 that would be great can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on friday ?	all right i ve got you booked for friday at 11:45 for 3 people would you like the reference number ?
3 yes please can i have the number ?	certainly your reference number is : ewofbmj3
4 thanks that s everything for today	thank you for using our system
5 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome good day

1 i m looking for a restaurant serving irish food in any area	there are no irish restaurants in the area
2 well can i get the phone number to a european restaurant ?	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food their phone number is 01223 355166 can i help you with anything else ?
3 that s it goodbye	your welcome good bye

1 can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west ?	we have nine what sort of cuisine would you like ?
2 i would like to eat at an indian restaurant please	there are 5 expensive indian restaurants available in the west would you like me to book one of those for you ?
3 yes please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on thursday	ok i was able to book cocum on thursday at 13:30 for 6 people your reference number is ltz2tpia can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that s it for today thank you for all your help good bye	you are welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre good bye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town do you have a preference of cuisine ?
2 no i dont care about the cuisine	meghna is a restaurant in the west part of town and moderately priced would you like their phone number and address ?
3 i need the address	meghna is located at 205 victoria road chesterton can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you	goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town i also need the address and type of food they serve	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town their address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton
2 what type of food ?	it s mexican
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye
4 that will be all thank you !	thank you and good dbye

1 i would like some lebanese food in the west part of town are there any available ?	i m sorry we don t have any lebanese restaurants located in the west part of town would you like to try a different type of food ?
2 how about thai food ?	sala thong serves thai food and is located in the west part of town would you like more information for them ?
3 yes the address phone number and their price range please	sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 newnham road newnham the phone number is 01223 323178
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 hi i m looking for a cheap austrian restaurant	i m sorry but i don t have any austrian restaurants ? would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 are you sure ? i d really like some austrian food	yes i am sure however i do have a number of restaurants listed as serving european food would you like information on these ?
3 yes please i prefer the centre of town if possible	there are a number of european options in the town centre do you have a price range ?
4 i would like for that to be cheap as well	the river bar steakhouse and grill located in the centre has cheap modern european food would you care for that ?
5 sounds good could you give me the number ? also the address and postcode	the phone number is 01223307030 the address is quayside off bridge street and the postcode is cb58aq can i book a reservation ?
6 no i m all set thanks goodbye !	thank you let us know if you need any more help with anything

1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food	eraina in the west part of town serves expensive european food
2 great ! can i have their address and phone number ?	eraina is located at free school lane city centre and their phone number is 01223 368786
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

1 i need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves world food	i found no matching records for your requests do you want to try something else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	yu garden is a great chinese restaraunt on the east side of town should i get you their phone number ?
3 yes please and the address and postcode also	the address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton the postcode is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223 248882
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system

1 i am looking for a restaurant called the gandhi	the gandhi is at 72 regent street city centre would you like a reservation or more information ?
2 i d like a reservation for 7 people monday at 15:30 please	unable to book at that time.would you like a different restaurant ?

1 hello there ! i am looking for a restaurant that specializes in swedish food	what area would you like ?
2 any	there is no swedish restaurant would you like to change your query ?
3 how about asian oriental ?	charlie chan has cheap chinese food located on regent street city centre phone 01223 361763
4 do you have any moderately priced listings for asian oriental ?	there is the yippee noodle bar would you like the address ?
5 yes please and the phone number as well thank you	the address is 40428 king street city centre and the phone number is 01223 518111
6 excellent that is all i needed have a good evening and thank you !	thank you for using our system goodbye !

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food ?	unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications would you like me to look for a different kind of food ?
2 the restaurant should be in the north	the only restaurants in the north serve asian oriental chinese european french indian or italian food would you like to change to one of those ?
3 tell me about the indian restaurants in the north then please ?	there are two indian restaurants the nirala and royal spice the royal spice is in the cheap range and the nirala is in the moderate price range
4 can you book me a table for two at the royal spice ?	what day would you like this reservation to be available for ?
5 i need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another restaurant ?
6 yes can you look for something in the same area and price range please ?	i can get a table for you at da vinci pizzeria this is the only other place to eat in that area reference number is w6mfu6xd
7 that is perfect thank you for all the help !	thank you for using our system !

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west	graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west that is available
2 what kind of foods do they serve there ? and i would like an address and the postal code as well please do you also have reviews of graffiti from locals ?	graffiti serves british food the postcode is cb30lx the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road reviews are not available in our database
3 okay thank you for your time	thank you ! have a great day !

1 yes i am looking for information on michael house cafe	the michael house cafe is an expensive european restaurant located in the centre would you like me to make you a reservation ?
2 yes please for a party of 7 on friday at 17:15	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : alcpca3p is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that will be all thank you very much	you re welcome enjoy your day

1 may have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants in the south part of town and in the moderate price range what kind of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	restaurant alimentum is the other moderate priced restaurant in the south of town
3 is there anything else ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 323737 and they are located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 what is the postcode ?	my apologies the postcode is c.b 1 7 dy is there anything else i could help you with today ?
5 that is it thank you	thank you for using our system good bye

1 hello ! can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town ?	would you prefer italian or modern european food ?
2 it doesn t matter	restaurant alimentum is a nice restaurant serving modern european food in the moderate price range and is located in the south
3 may i have their address please ?	their address is 152 - 154 hills road
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the south and should serve gastropod food	i m sorry there aren t any gastropubs in the south part of town if you re open to other areas there are three in the centre and one in the east ?
2 how about a cheap chinese one in the south ?	i have one place that would be good for you would you like me to start booking ?
3 yes that would be great thanks ! it ll be 7 people dining on friday at 11:30 and can i have a reference number for it ?	you are booked at the lucky star the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : exu13zfq can i help further ?
4 no thank you so much !	thanks so much for using cambridge towninfo centre have a great time !

1 hi ! i need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre	there are 15 restaurants in the centre that serve cheap food what type of food do you want ?
2 no preference please recommend any one of those restaurants	how about dojo noodle bar it is on the cheap side and located in the centre
3 sure can you try and book a table for wednesday at 12:15 ? there are 5 people	i m sorry but there are no available tables at that time would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 yes what other restaurants are in the same area in price range ?	there are 15 such restaurants how about the j restaurant ? it also serves asian oriental food would that work ?
5 any place i can get in to will be fine in that are	okay i will make reservation for j restaurant is available

1 i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves scottish food	there are no restaurants serving scottish food would you like to try something else ?
2 yes how about modern european food ?	eraina is a great european eatery what other information can i provide to you ?
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 368786 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you	thanks enjoy !

1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves turkish food	i m sorry we don t have any expensive turkish restaurants
2 how about a moderate one ?	anatolia and efes restaurant are both moderately priced turkish restaurants and both are in the centre of town would you like an address or phone number for one of them ?
3 yes address and phone number for anatolia	anatolia is at 30 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223 362372 can i get you any further information ?
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is anatolia is c.b 2 1 uj
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre	you could try the yippee noodle bar which is asian oriental and priced moderately it is located at 40428 king street city centre
2 that sounds great can i get a postcode ? thanks !	the postcode is cb21rq would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 i m not ready to book yet thanks i will give you a call back goodbye	alright sounds good i look forward to your call

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food and located in the east part of town
2 can you give me the address and phone number ?	their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
3 wonderful thank you for your help	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

1 is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town ?	may i suggest royal spice a cheap indian restaurant in the north ?
2 is there anything else ?	da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restraunt in the north area of town
3 what is the address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is at 20 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and goodbye !

1 i m looking for a moderately-priced place to eat	excellent we have over 31 possible choices do you have a location or cuisine preference ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town	i have 21 restaurants that fit that requirement what type of food are you looking for ? or would you like my recommendation ?
3 can you give me your recommendation please	restaurant one seven serves british cuisine would you like me to book this for you ?
4 sure can you book it for 2 people on saturday at 11:30 ?	no i m sorry i can t book that would you like to try another resturant ?
5 okay how about another place in the same area and price range ?	yippee noodle bar was able to be booked the reference number is 0y6k4af7
6 thanks so much that will be all i need today have a nice day bye	you are very welcome thank you for contact cambridge towninfo centre good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range	i have found 4 restaurants that serve chinese food which area would you be looking to dine in ?
2 the centre	i found the jinling noodle bar would you like me to book ?
3 yes please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday	i am sorry they don t have an open table at that time i can book a table at lan hong house
4 is that in the same area and price range i really want to make sure	yes it is in the same price range and area and your reservation number is g43tc012
5 thanks so much	you re welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that is everything i needed today	thank you for using our service today

1 where in the east can i find a restaurant that serves venetian food ?	i m sorry there are no results for a venetian restaurant in the east would you like to try a different area ?
2 i prefer the east but i am open to other areas of town	do you want me to look at the center of the town ?
3 yes see if there are any venetian restaurants there	no there are not want to try a different restaurant type ?
4 how about indian food ?	i have 9 restaurants in the cetre that are indian do you have a price range ?
5 i would like expensive	there are five expensive indian places in the centre but i recommend panahar would you like more info or a booking ?
6 i m sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive indian restaurant in the east ? it would be more convenient	there are five would you like me to book you one ?
7 yes book one of the expensive indian places in the east please	which day would you like to dine ?
8 i would like to go on monday at 18:00 please	i would love to help ! how many people ?
9 it will be a party of 6	none of the restaurants were available for that time would you like me to try a different time ?
10 yes please try 17:00	thanks very much
11 thank you also could i receive the reference number for the reservation please ?	i ve booked you a table at pipasha restaurant the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is miro0qrd anything else i can help with ?
12 no thanks that s everything	you re welcome please let us know if there s anything else we can help you with

1 i want an expensive restaurant and serves danish food	i found no restaurants serving danish food in the expensive price range
2 asian oriental	kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
3 what is the phone number and area ?	the phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 and they are located in the centre of town
4 thank you ! goodbye !	you re very welcome thanks for calling us goodbye

1 i am looking for the price range and address of the meze bar restaurant	they are in the expensive price range and their address is 196 mill road city centre can i help you with anything else ?
2 no that is all the info i needed thanks	alright you re quite welcome ! enjoy your time in town !

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	grafton hotel restaurant is a nice restaurant that serves british food and is in the east part of town
3 can i have their address and post code please	sure their address is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a
4 thank you for the help good bye	you re welcome enjoy !

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant	what kind of food are you interested in ?
2 french food	there are expensive french restaurants in the centre and north areas of town do you have a preference for location ?
3 i don t care	how about cote which is in the expensive price range and serves french food ?
4 i really have no desire for cote are there other restaurants available ?	you could also try restaurant two two
5 ok i will try this one i would like the address and phone number please	restaurant two two address is 22 chesterton road chesterton and the phone is 01223351880 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you	thank you good bye

1 is there any expensive restaurants in town serving australian food ?	i m sorry there are no australian restaurants would you like another type of food ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	kymmoy is an expensive asian oriental restraunt in town
3 what is the phone number and area ?	kymmoy is in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223 311911 may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you i have all i need goodbye !	you re welcome thanks for your call ! goodbye

1 i m looking for an australian place to dine in i need it to be cheap	i m sorry there aren t any cheap australian restaurants in town would you like me to look for a different restaurant type ?
2 are there any that have asian oriental food ?	there is a very nice and cheap asian restaurant called wise buddha here is the address and phone number
3 could you book me a table for 4 on friday at 14:00 ?	there was no wise buddha restaurant sorry i booked a table for 4 at j restaurant reference number is wpa3iy8c i think you ll like it anything else ?
4 no that should do it thanks for the help !	glad to be of assistance have a great day ! bye

1 i want a restaurant serving mediterranean food and i don t care about the price range	i have found 3 la mimosa the gardenia and shiraz restaurant
2 none of those really interest me do you have anything else ?	shiraz restaurant is an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food and is the city centre
3 okay what is the address and phone number of shiraz please ?	shiraz restaurant is located at 84 regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 307581 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you	you re welcome

1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant serving english food	no restaurant matching your description have been found
2 how about find me a turkish one ?	there is one expensive turkish restaurant in town: meze bar restaurant
3 great ! where is it located ?	it s in the centre of town the address is 196 mill road city centre
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for some info on india house	india house is a restaurant located at 31 newnham road newnham on the west side of town is this the place you are referring to ?
2 that sounds right could you reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on friday ?	i apologize but the booking was unsuccessful can we try another day or time ?
3 can you try for 17:00 instead ?	booking was successful for that time ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes here is your reference number: 6bci3xf8
4 great ! thanks for your help that s all i need	great ! have a wonderful day !

1 are there any lebanese restaurants in the city ?	ali baba is a nice lebanese place in the centre
2 can i have the phone number please	their phone number is 01462 432565 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town	the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range
2 no not that one i d like to know if there s anything else please	i would recommend pipasha restaurant a nice indian restaurant in the east
3 i would like to know the address and phone number of pipasha restaurant and the type of food they serve	the address is at newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 577786 the restaurant serves indian food
4 thanks for the info !	you re very welcome

1 i m wanting to find a restaurant the location i want is the west and i want something in the moderate price range can you help me ?	certainly ! there are 3 options for moderately priced restaurants in the west: british indian or italian do you have a preference ?
2 could i have the phone number for the indian restaurant ?	yes the phone number for the meghna restaurant is 01223727410 what other information would you like ?
3 that s all that i needed thank you	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 i want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town i need the address phone number and type of food	there are five expensive restaurants available in the south part of the city mexican italian indian and two chinese restaurants are available what type of food would you like ?
2 mexican will be fine could i have the address and phone please ?	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 400170 and their address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at pizza express fen ditton please	would you like to book a reservation at pizza express ?
2 what is the price range of pizza express ?	pizza express fen ditton is in the moderate price range
3 what is the food type at pizza express ?	it is italian food
4 okay thank you	would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no thank you !	alright let me know if there is anything else i can help you with

1 hi is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat ?	yes there is rice boat is an indian restaurant in the west would you like to book a table ?
2 yes please ! i d like a table on sunday for 5 people at 20:00	i m sorry but that time is unavailable is there another time you would like ?
3 could you try booking for 19:00 instead ?	booking was successful for 19:00 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is : bl1dl1zo can i do anything else for you ?
4 that is all ! thank you for your help !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i need a south restaurant with some greek food	is there a specific price range you are looking for ?
2 no any price range is fine	i m sorry but there are no greek restaurants in the south part of town
3 how about italian ?	frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town would you like their location ?
4 phone number and postcode please	the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 thank you goodbye	okay thank you
6 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 yes can you lookup the chiquito restaurant bar for me	yes i found it what information would you like ?
2 can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at 20:00 please	alright your table will be booked for that time
3 thank you may i get a reference number ?	i m sorry but the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 yes in the same area and price range i ll need a reference number too	i booked a table at the good luck chinese food takeaway your reference number is mdk9a3pr the restaurant is at 82 cherry hinton road will that be all ?
5 thank you that will be all have a great day !	thank you

1 can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving fusion food ?	sorry but there are no fusion restaurants in the area did you want to try a different type of restaurant ?
2 european then	what area are you looking for ?
3 moderately priced european food i will also need the address and postcode	i have found five restaurants serving european food four in the centre area and one in the south do you have a preference of area ?
4 if they are all moderately priced i do not care price is more important than location	galleria serves moderately priced european food their address is 33 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 u.w
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i m looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately expensive	i apologize i have no greek restaurant that is moderately expensive or moderate or expensive is that is what you intended would you like another cuisine type ?
2 please try one that serves turkish food	meze bar restaurant is available
3 can you book a table for 5 people at 18:00 on monday ?	i ve reserved a table for you anything else ?
4 yes can i please get the reference number ?	of course i m so sorry that i didn t provide that earlier your reference number is ba8fs8z5 do you need any other assistance today ?
5 no thanks for your help bye	you are welcome have a nice meal bye

1 looking for a restaurant in the east side of town	it looks like there are 9 restaurants in the east side of town do you have a preference for the price range ?
2 yes expensive restaurant please	grafton hotel restaurant is in the expensive price range and located in the east part of town
3 may i have the address and phone number please ?	grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 241387 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes i d like the postcode too please	the post code for the grafton hotel restaurant is c.b 5 8 pa is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that is all thank you	thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre of town	it doesn t look like there are any restaurants of that type would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 do you have any indian restaurants ?	yes we have nine indian restaurants in the center of town do you have a preference in price range ?
3 i actually would prefer gastropub type food and preferably in the moderate price range	the cow pizza kitchen and bar would be perfect for you ! would you like for me to book you a table ?
4 are there any other options for gastropub ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is the only gastropub in all of cambridge
5 in that case could you give me the address and phone number ?	i sure can the address is corn exchange street and the phone number is 01223308871 can i help you with anything else today ?
6 no that s all thank you	thank you for calling us today goodbye

1 is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food ?	what area are you interested in ?
2 i do not care what area it is in	there are no cheap belgian restaurants would you like to change your query ?
3 how about a cheap restaurant serving italian food ?	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and in the centre of town is there anything else i can help you with ?

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called prezzo	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west their phone number is 01799521260 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes please 4 people at 11:00 on friday can you please provide me with the reference number ?	you booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : wyzgxovq
3 thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number	you are more than welcome !

1 hi there i heard someone mention the bloomsbury restaurant and i was wondering if you could give me some information for them	sure the bloomsbury is located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and their postcode and telephone number are cb23dt and 08719429180 respectively is there anything else you need ?
2 i d like to make a reservation for 6 at 11:00 on sunday	your table for 6 at 11:00 on sunday at bloomsbury is reserved (reference #7354c6cl) is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no that s all i need thanks for your help	you are welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced scottish restaurant	i m so sorry but it seems that i don t show any that will suit what you are looking for would you like to try a different price range or type ?
2 i am looking for something in centre of town then	yes i have many moderately priced venues in the center of town serving british food if you like
3 i am not looking for british i am looking for scottish food	i m sorry but there are no moderately priced scottish restaurants in town would you like a different type of food ?
4 yes could you look for a spanish restaurant instead ?	there is la tasca they are located at 14 -16 bridge street would you like to book it ?
5 yes please could you give me a table for tuesday at 12:00 for 2 people please	i ve booked your reservation is there anything else you need ?
6 can i have a reference number please ?	yes it s xxnq81ie
7 thank you have a lovely day	thank you too good bye

1 please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food	i m not finding any restaurants that match your request would you like to try a different price range or food type ?
2 european food ?	there are four restaurants that serve european food what part of town would you like ?
3 i don t care where it is	eraina in the centre is an expensive european restaurant would you like further information ?
4 what is the price range ?	they are in the expensive price range
5 what is the address phone number and area ?	eraina is in the centre of town located at free school lane city centre their number is 01223 368786 is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 that ll do thank you good bye	thank you and have a great day !
7 thank you good bye	you are welcome enjoy your stay good bye

1 a north part of town restaurant	do you have a price range preference ? we have several restaurants in the north part of town
2 i do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food	there is a fairly cheap indian restaurant named royal spice in the north part of town
3 what is the address and phone number ?	royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 nope that was all i needed thank you bye bye	thank you

1 hi can you recommend me a good asian restaurant ? something not too expensive ?	there are two cheap asian restaurants in the centre of town would like information for either of those ?
2 hmm i don t want to scrape the bottom of the barrel maybe something moderate but not too cheap	the yippee noodle bar would be perfect can i book a table for you ?
3 yes that sounds good please book for 4 people on sunday at 11:45	i m sorry they aren t available at that time would you like me to find something else ?
4 how about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced ?	i have booked you at the oak bistro for 4 people on sunday at 11:45 your reference number is 2cg1xx8q is there anytihng else that i can assist with ?
5 nope that will do it thanks !	we hope that you have a great time at the bistro
6 thanks good bye	thank you for calling have a great day

1 i d like a jamaican restaurant please	there are no jamaican restaurants would you care for another type of food ?
2 alright then how about portuguese ?	there are two nandos city centre as well as nandos in the south part of the city do you have a preference ?
3 may i have the phone number and address for the south location ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908 can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal ! good bye

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food	what price range and area would you like ?
2 i do not care about the price range or area	i m sorry there are no restaurants that serve fusion food in your area
3 ok how about vietnamese food ?	there is thanh binh in the west area at 17 magdalene street city centre phone number is 01223 362456

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town	there are 2 restaurants in the west part of town in the cheap price range would you like italian or vietnamese food ?
2 italian please ! can you book a table for me for 3 people ? at 12:00 on saturday ?	i was successfully able to book you a table for 3 at 12:00 at la margherita your reference number is 9hcudtjk would you like the address of the restaurant ?
3 no that will be all thanks	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

1 i need a restaurant	in what part of town ?
2 east and expensive	there are several restaurant matches in this area would you like british indian gastropub or chinese ?
3 address and phone number for the chinese restaurant	here you go 01223 248882 529 newmarket road fen ditton anything else today ?
4 no this is it thank you	wait how about that british restaurant ? where is it located ?
5 is there a welsh restaurant in the north part of town ?	i am sorry no welsh restaurants in the north part of town
6 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

1 are there any restaurants that serve international food ?	the missing sock serves international food on the east side and is cheap should i book a table ?
2 i d prefer something in the centre of town if that s an option	the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are both located in the centre of town
3 bloomsbury sounds nice can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on wednesday ?	alright you re all booked would you like the reference number ?
4 yes please could i have it ?	of course it s vb3ghynl anything else ?
5 that s all i need thanks so much for your help	have a great day !

1 i m looking for british food i want the restaurant to be in the town centre	sure there are quite a few british restaurants in the centre would you prefer something expensive or moderately priced ?
2 it doesn t matter please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose	how about the copper kettle ? the phone number is 01223365068
3 perfect thank you very much for your help	welcome anything else i can help you with ?
4 no i look forward to dining at the copper kettle thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system enjoy

1 what is that european food place s address ?	i found several places serving european food do you have a preference as to the location ?
2 no any part of town is fine	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food and is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food

1 can you find me an italian restaurant in the centre ?	sure there are 9 restaurants to choose from did you have a price range in mind ?
2 i m looking for something on the cheap side please although i d like to get good value for the money	there are three italian restaurants in the center in the cheap range they are pizza hut city centre ask and zizzi cambridge which do you prefer ?
3 any of them will be fine as long as it s cheap i need a table for 4 on monday at 12:15 please	i would recommend ask as it is a nice place
4 yes please book ask for 4 people at 12:15 on monday	i m sorry but i couldn t book you there how about another restaurant ?
5 yes please same price range as before	okay i was able to get you into the zizzi cambridge and your reference number is gi0fzmkl
6 okay thank you very much for your help	you are welcome enjoy your lunch
7 thank you i will	okay don t hesitate to call us if you need anything else

1 yes i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south can you tell me what you have ?	sure there is a chinese restaurant and a portuguese restaurant would you like me to book one for you ?
2 does this restaurant serve fusion food ?	no i m sorry either chinese or portuguese
3 that s disappointing can you tell me about the chinese restaurant ?	it s called the lucky star it s at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 great can you book it for 1 person at 17:15 on saturday ?	it isn t available shall i try the portuguese restaurant ?
5 yes that would be fine thanks	your table will be waiting for you your reference number is 6u8pg73h
6 thank you for you help that is all i need	great ! thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

1 i m looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town somewhere nice price is no object	there are quite a few restaurants what cuisine would you like ?
2 i would like the restaurant to have indian food	how about curry garden ? it looks great
3 that sounds good i would like to book a table for 2 people on friday at 17:15	sorry the restaurant can t accomodate you want to try another day or time ?
4 i will get back to you thank you for the help	you re welcome i look forward to when you call us again
5 okay until then have a good one goodbye	have a great day goodbye

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food	i m sorry there are no restaurants matching your request would you like to try something else ?
2 how about british food ?	there are several moderately priced restaurants that serve british food do you prefer a particular area of town ?
3 i don t care give me their phone number	cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre that serves british food would you like the phone number ?
4 yes please	the phone number for cotto is 01223 302010 do you need any further assistance ?
5 nope ! thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 hi i am trying to find a restaurant serving italian cuisine something expensive please what would you suggest ?	i suggest stazione restaurant and coffee bar italian centre expensive 01223352607 cb23nj market hill city centre
2 what area is that in please ? the format you sent that in is very confusing	that is in the centre of the city
3 okay thank you for the help	thanks for using our services can i help with anything else ?
4 no that was all goodbye	have a great day

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food	there are no results matching your query would you like to change your query ?
2 yes how about a restaurant that serves european food ?	de luca cucina and bar is moderately priced and serves modern european food
3 that sounds good can i have the address and postcode please	the address is 83 regent street postcode is c.b 2 1 aw

1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food	there is not matching places that fits your request can i help you with something else ?
2 are there any asian oriental restaurants in that price range ?	yes kymmoy is an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre part of town
3 thank you may i have their phone number ?	their number is 01223 311911 will that be all today ?
4 yes thank you	thank you good bye

1 i need to find a restaurant call the nirala	i m sorry but i do not have a listing for that
2 perhaps you could try searching for "the nirala" ?	yes the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton it s a moderately priced indian restaurant in the north area of town would you like a reservation ?
3 yes could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on saturday	sure your reference number is oy06anhy anything else i can do for you ?
4 that s all i need thank you	thank you for booking with us have a great day

1 i am looking a place serving gastropub in the moderate price range	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre area would you like their address and phone number ?
2 most definitely	the phone number for the cow pizza kitchen and bar is 01223 308871 and they are located at the corn exchange street can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that is all i need thank you and goodbye !	you re welcome thank you for calling goodbye

1 i need a restaurant that serves turkish food	there are two moderately priced turkish restaurants and one expensive one all in centre area do you have a price range preference ?
2 i do not have a preference	anatolia serves turkish food in the moderate price range
3 what is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range ?	efes restaurant do you have any additional questions ?
4 what is the address and price range ?	they are in the moderate price range and the address is king street city centre
5 what is the food type they are good at ?	they serve turkish food
6 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for contacting us

1 i want crossover food at an expensive price can you help ?	i m sorry but we don t have any restaurants meeting that criteria could you please try a different type ?
2 is there something else in the west ?	grafitti has great british food in the west and fits the expensive pricerange you are looking for does this appeal to you ?
3 actually i d prefer a european restaurant	cambridge lodge restaurant has good reviews and serves european food
4 please book for 1 person sunday at 17:45	i m afraid they re full on sunday at 17:45 perhaps another day or another time slot ?
5 how about sunday at 16:45 please for 1 person ?	you are booked for sunday at 16:45 your reference number is 2w56mf47 may i help you with something else ?
6 that s all thanks for the help !	you re welcome ! have a nice day ! goodbye

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called city stop restaurant	i have found the restaurant you are looking for would you like the address ?
2 no i just need to know the type of food they serve and the phone number	the restaurant serves european food their phone number is 01223363270 anything else ?
3 that s all thank you !	you re welcome ! have a wonderful day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town	nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town it is in the cheap price range and serves portuguese food
2 is there anything else ? and what is the address and phone number ?	yes there is the lucky star serves chinese food in the cheap price range and in the south part of town its address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 327908
3 no that is all thank you !	have a nice day !

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are 3 moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town; meghna prezzo and saint johns chop house how else may i assist you ?
2 what is the phone number and address of one of them ?	meghna is located at 205 victoria road chesterton and their number is 01223 727410 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye
4 goodbye !	goodbye

1 is there anything cheap in the centre of town ?	do you have a food type preference ?
2 would you have something modern european ?	the river bar steakhouse and grill offers modern european cuisine would you like me to book you a reservation ?
3 can i have their phone number postcode and address please ?	i d be happy to provide you with that information their phone number is 01223307030 and their address and postcode are quayside off bridge street cb58aq can i help with anything else ?
4 no that is all you have been very helpful thanks bye	you re welcome have a nice day !

1 i m looking for vietnamese food i would like the restaurant name and address	there is a vietnamese restaurant called thanh binh at 17 magdalene street city centre
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town	do you have a certain price range or food type you are looking for ?
2 vietnamese food	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range
3 phone number and postcode please	thanh binh s phone number is 01223 362456 their postcode is c.b 3 0 a.f
4 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

1 i d like a restuarant with asian oriental food located in the centre please	the dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre would you like to book at this restaurant ?
2 that sounds perfect i don t need a reservation though	anything else i can do for you ?
3 yes could you just give me the contact information for the restaurant ? phone address and postcode ?	sure the phone 01223363471 address 40210 millers yard city centre and postcode cb21rq for dojo noodle bar may i help with anything else ?
4 no i think that s all i need thanks !	you re welcome feel free to contact us again if you need anything else

1 i m trying to find an irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining i expect this to be expensive can you give me some options ?	i do not have any expensive irish eateries could we try something else ?
2 any european restaurants ? cost doesnt matter	there are 5 restaurants eraina is available in the centre of town
3 can you recommend me one that s expensive ? and book the table for 6 people at 14:00 on tuesday thanks !	okay i was able to book you at eraina at 14:00 on tuesday for 6 people your reference number is 2ocxgnup
4 thank you so much have a great day !	would you like the address for the restaurant ?
5 nope got everything i need	have a great day !

1 can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	the phone number for golden wok is 01223 350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north ?	the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north of town and it serves indian food would you like the phone number ?
3 yes i would like their phone number and postcode please	the phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is c.b 4 1 uy
4 thank you nirala sounds good goodbye	you re welcome bye

1 i d like to find a place that serves moderately priced chinese food	i show dour restaurants that serve chinese food three are located in the centre and one is in the north area they are all moderately priced may i start by offering you the jinling noodle bar ?
2 that sounds great could you make a reservation for 7 people at 13:45 this friday please ?	there are no reservations available at that time would you like to try another restaurant ?
3 yes please is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time ?	i have booked a reservation for you at the lan hong house your reference number is bmu049l6 do you need anything else ?
4 no you have been very helpful thank you good bye	good bye have fun !

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town	golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town that serves chinese food
2 what is their address ?	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area	i have 69 places which type of food would you like or price range ?
2 i d like a vegetarian restaurant	unfortunately there are no vegetarian restaurants is there another cuisine you would like to try ?
3 that s disappointing can you try international food instead ?	i have two international restaurants available is there a price range you would like to stay within ?
4 i am looking for something in the moderate price range	the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are in the moderate price range which one would you like ?

1 i m looking for something moderately priced in the west part of town could you get me the number and full address please ?	the phone number for meghna is 01223727410 it is located at 205 victoria road chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range	the curry prince restaurant is in the east and is moderately priced their phone is 01223566388
2 thank you for the help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes could you book me a table for 6 at 19:45 on saturday ?	your table is reserved your reference number is u60sc89j may i help you with something else ?
4 would you confirm this is an indian restaurant please ? it sounds like one	yes it is an indian restaurant in the east
5 great that is all i need today thank you	you re welcome thank you so much for calling us today
6 you re welcome and goodbye	have a wonderful day and let us know if you need any further assistance

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves vegetarian food	unfortunately i don t happen to show any restaurants specializing in vegetarian food can i try looking for another type of restaurant for you ?
2 yes go ahead how about indian ? they always have vegetarian options i would like it to be moderately priced too	yes sure ! i have quite a few do you have a price range in mind ?
3 i want a moderate price range please	for moderate pricing i have the meghna restaurant in the west it s located at 205 victoria road chesterton can i reserve you a table ?
4 no thanks i d like to give them a call instead what is their phone number ?	the contact number for the meghna is 01223727410 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 oh yes actually i need the postcode too	of course it s cb43lf can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that is everything thank you for your help	thank you for using our service and i hope you enjoy your meal at meghna goodbye !

1 i m looking for mid range spanish restaurants can you help me ?	i have a listing for la tasca in the centre area,can i book you a table there ?
2 sure that sounds like a nice place go ahead and book that for me	what day and time are you looking for ? how many people will be in your party ?
3 i need a table for 6 people sunday night at 17:00	i was unable to find a table at that time would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 can you find me something along the same price and in the same area please ?	there are no other spanish places in that area another area or type perhaps ?
5 any in the same area and price range please	the copper kettle is a british restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range would you like me to book that for you ?
6 okay again for 6 people sunday at 17:00	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 840zvk1r
7 ok that s all i need today thank you !	you re welcome please call again

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range	i found several that fit your request ! what type of food would you like ?
2 no preference can you recommend me one and give me their postcode and phone number ? thanks !	sure how about dojo noodle bar postcode cb21rq and 01223363471 phone number would you like a reservation ?
3 no thank you not at this time	the phone number is 01223363471 if you need it is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 nope you gave me everything i wanted to know thanks bye !	okay glad to have helped !

1 i want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with spanish food	la tasca would fit the bill its phone number is 01223 464630
2 can you tell me what area of town it is located ?	la tasca is located in the centre part of town
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

1 i am looking for a place to dine in the west	yes i have many restaurants to choose from in the west do you have a price range preference ?
2 yes i would like it to be expensive	there are nine restaurants available do you have a food type preference ?
3 no preference on type	graffiti is a nice place and is in expensive price range.would you like the address ?

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	i found several restaurants meeting your criteria would you prefer indian italian or british food ?
2 i have no preference can i get the phone number and address of one ?	meghna serves indian food in the moderate price range and in the west part of town its phone number is 01223 727410 and the address is 205 victoria road chesterton is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you that is all i needed	thank you goodbye

1 good afternoon i am trying to find an indian restaurant to eat at i would prefer something expensive can you help me ?	there are several indian restaurants to choose from what area of town would you like ?
2 i would like it to be in the center i will need a number address and postcode	the curry garden is good it is located at 106 regent street city centre postcode cb21dp the phone number is 01223302330 would you like me to reserve it ?
3 thank you for all that information yes i would like to make a reservation	great when would you like the reservation and for how many should i reserve it for ?
4 yes i would like a reservation for one please	what day and time would you like to go ?
5 i ve changed my mind i don t want to book it yet can you give me the area address and phone number please ?	certainly curry garden is in the city centre at 106 regent street city centre the phone number is 01223302330 what other information can i get for you ?
6 that s all i need today thanks for your help !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north side of town
2 what type of food does golden wok serve ?	the golden wok serves chinese food would you like more information ?
3 yes what is the address for the business ?	they are located at 191 histon road chesterton
4 great i have everything i need thank you	you re welconme

1 hi i m looking for restaurants in the area could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre	yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that
2 is that a gastropub restaurant ?	it is not but the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a gastropub in the center of town and it is a moderate price range would you like to book it ?
3 yes please for 6 people at 17:15 on tuesday	i ve booked that for you your confirmation number is ugfbz3hb they ll hold the table for 15 minutes
4 thanks you very much that s all i need	great i hope you enjoy your dinner !

1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of town could you provide me with some options to choose from please ?	there are 9 italian restaurants in the centre of town do you have a price range ?
2 i d like a cheap one please	there are 3 cheap italian restaurants i would recommend pizza hut city centre would you like to book a table ?
3 what are the other two restaurants in this price range ?	the two other restaurants that are relatively cheap are a restaurant called ask and the other is zizzi cambridge would you like more info on one of those ?
4 yes please what are the phone numbers of those places ?	the phone number for ask is 01223364917 the one for zizzi cambridge is 01223365599 is there anything else i can help with ?
5 not now thanks for your help goodbye	you re welcome have a great day !

1 can you tell me about the j restaurant ?	the j restaurant serves cheap asian oriental food in the centre of town their phone number is 01223307581 the address is 86 regent street city centre
2 can you make reservations for 6 at 14:30 on thursday ?	yes i certainly can ! your reservation was successful and your booking reference is 5f3kbh78
3 you have been very helpful thank you goodbye	glad to help have a great day and enjoy your meal good bye

1 i am looking for african food	there is one african restaurant listed called bedouin would you like more information for this restaurant ?
2 yes i need the address please	the address is 100 mill road city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the centre can you assist me please ?	hi i found a restaurant it is nandos city centre and it is located at 33-34 saint andrews street would you like for me to book it for you ?
2 is this restaurant in the cheap price range ?	yes it is may i help you book ?
3 yes please book for thursday at 12:45 for 7 people	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 hmm okay how about another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	there are several the gardenia served mediterranean you might be interested in it ask and zizzi serve italian
5 okay let s try that place	great news i was able to book you into there and the reference number is 2hilqzbf
6 which restaurant were you able to book me into ?	i was able to get you in at ask on thursday at 12:45 for 7 people there is a new reference number though use 0slqnhxa
7 thank you that is all i need	my pleasure ! have a nice day
8 thanks i m all done here	thank you and i hope you enjoy the restaurant have a great day

1 i m looking for an indian restaurant in the west	yes i have many options for you how about the tandoori palace ?
2 that might work what is the price range of tandoori palace ?	it is an expensive restaurant on the west side of town would you like me to reserve a table for you ?
3 no that s ok but could you give me their address and postcode please	sure it is located at 68 histon road chesterton in the cb43le post code can i help with anything else today ?
4 i believe that s all i need thanks !	you are welcome have a nice day bye

1 are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town ?	yes there are many cheap restaurants in cambridge ! what type of food would you like ?
2 i d prefer cantonese but i d be up for italian if necessary	i don t have a cheap cantonese option but i do have 5 italian places in that price range is there an area in the city you d like to dine at ?
3 how about an italian place for 3 people at 17:45 on wedensday	i d like to recommend la margherita found in the north
4 that would be great - can you make that reservation ?	your booking was successful your reference number is ggymviia can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 that s all i needed thanks !	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	i have many could we narrow it down a bit by the type of cuisine you may be looking for ?
2 i d like to try indian cuisine i a table for three at 15:45 on monday	i can t seem to find a table that is available at that time would you be interested in trying a different day or a different time slot ?
3 yes let s try for 14:45 instead	booking at curry garden was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 3hvuqftt is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that was all i needed right now thank you goodbye	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant that serves danish food	i m afraid there are no danish restaurants in the city is there another cuisine you d like ?
2 how about thai ?	there are two restaurants serving thai food is the expensive price range okay for you ?
3 i don t care	bangkok city is a nice thai restaurant in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
4 centre please	correct bangkok city is located in the centre part of town would you like the specific contact information ?
5 yes i will need their address and phone number	the address is 24 green street city centre and the phone number is 01223 354382
6 thank you very much !	you are welcome !
7 thank you goodbye	you are welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre	i have found many restaurants with the criteria you gave me offering different kinds of food do you have a preference for type of food ?
2 i would prefer welsh food please !	i don t have any welsh restaurants that meet your criteria would british or european be ok or would you like a more exotic cuisine instead ?
3 how about italian food ?	how about cafe uno ?
4 sure what is their phone number and address there	caffee uno is located at 32 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223448620
5 that is everything still ironing out details so i will call them later thanks for your help	you are quite welcome do you need any further assistance ?
6 that was all i needed for now thanks	thank you for using our services

1 yes i am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center	there are quite a few restaurants in the center what kind of cuisine are you interested in ?
2 hmm i feel like discovering something new which restaurant would you recommend ?	i would recommend papadoux they are very expensive and right in the center of town
3 that sounds great could you book a table for one at 11:15 on friday ?	i m sorry papadoux is not coming up there is an expensive african restaurant called bedouin in city centre would you like me to try that one instead ?
4 yes or any in the same expensive range and the centre area	i apologize the bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time would you like me to try another restaurant ?
5 yes one in the same area and price range please	okay i was able to book you into the kymmoy an expensive asian restaurant in the center of town and your reference number is ycqwegos
6 great ! thank you so much for your help	you re very welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no thank you for all your help	so happy we could be of service today enjoy your time in cambridge !

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant to go to	there are 57 expensive restaurants in the area do you have a food type preference or an area preference ?
2 what s your favorite place on the south side of town ?	frankie and bennys is a good expensive italian restaurant in the south area would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 that would be great please make the reservation for 17:45 on monday just 1 person	okay you re all set ! reference number is 3ap8e11k and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i help with anything else ?
4 that will be all thank you so much	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there is five restaurants to your request
2 i would like italian food	frankie and bennys serves italian food in the south part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes what is their phone number and where are they located at ?	their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and phone number is 01223 412430
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i m looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east	there are 3 moderately priced restaurants on the east side do you prefer indian or italian food ?
2 is there one with unusual food ?	no i m afraid indian or italian are the only options
3 ok tell me whats available in indian food	for indian food i have the curry prince restaurant and rajmahal they are both moderately priced and located in the east can i tell you more about one of those ?
4 yes give me the address and postcode for one of those please	the address and postcode for curry prince is 451 newmarket road fen ditton cb58jj is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all the information i need thanks for your help !	enjoy ! goodbye !

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area	you have your choice of la margherita which serves italian food or thanh binh which offers vietnamese cuisine
2 let s go with la margherita could you book a table for 2 people at 13:30 on saturday ?	i was unable to book that would you like me to try something else ?
3 yes as long as its in the same area and price range i need a reference number too then please	i was able to get you into thanh binh your reference number is clibol1q
4 okay that is all i need for now	thank you and goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food please	la tasca is a moderately priced spanish restaurant in centre
2 please provide address and postcode	the address is 14 -16 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 u.f is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that is all thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	the nirala is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range
2 what kind of food is that ? also what is the address and phone number ?	indian food the address is 7 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you find ?
3 thank you that is all	your welcome goodbye

1 can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre ?	certainly there are many restaurants that fit that criteria do you have a food type preference ?
2 yes do any serve international food ?	i have 2 the varsity restaurant and bloomsberry both serve international food and are in the moderate price range do you have a preference ?
3 can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday ?	neither are available at that time would you like to try a different time ?
4 no i need 17:15 on monday perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices ? any cuisine is fine	i was able to book you for the yippee noodle bar your reference number is e6erfbkg
5 thank you and goodbye	good bye to you let us know if you need us again

1 hello could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city ?	there are 2 options pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food and restaurant alimentum serves modern european food
2 do you have anyplace that serves chinese food ?	i m sorry there are no chinese restaurants located in the south that is moderately priced
3 ok i will go with italian food and pick the pizza hut cherry hinton thank you for your help	would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on sunday thank you	booking was unfortunately unsuccessful can we try another day or a differen t time slot ?
5 how about 18:00 ?	good news ! your reservation has been booked for sunday at 18:00 for 4 people the reference number is yj0b5w19 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that is all ! thank you !	have a great day !

1 i m looking for a restaurant called de luca cucina and bar	no problem i ve got it right here they are located at 83 regent street and their phone number is 01223356666 is there anything else ?
2 yes can you help me with a reservation for monday night at 18:15 ?	yes i can how many seats do you need ?
3 just two it s for my wife and i	i am sorry i don t have that available perhaps you would like to try another place to dine ?
4 yea is there another restaurant that has the same area and price as de la cucina and bar ?	yes there are five restaurants in that area in price range would you prefer british or asian food ?
5 lets try for asian please	yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental would you like me to book it

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what is the food type you would prefer ?
2 i don t care i just need to know the address phone number and postcode of the venue please	how about sitar tandoori it s address is 43 high street cherry hinton cherry hinton their postcode is c.b 1 9 h.x and their phone number is 01223 249955
3 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve indian food
4 thank you goodbye	thank you
5 goodbye	good day !

1 can you help me find and expensive thai restaurant ?	sala thong is an expensive thai restaurant on the west side would you like to book there ?
2 that would be great i need a table on sunday at 15:45 for 6 people please	i have made your reservation the reference number is s2ay04jf is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 thank you i think that s all i need today goodbye	thank you for calling enjoy goodbye !

1 i m looking for a place to dine that serves vietnamese food in the east	sorry there are no vietnamese places in the east would you like to try a different area ?
2 yes i am willing to go to a different area for vietnamese food	thanh binh is in the west part of town
3 how about an international restaurant instead on the east ?	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant on the east side of town that serves international food would you like more information on that place ?
4 yes please can i get the postcode	sure the phone number is 01223812660
5 not the phone number the postcode please	my apologies the postcode is cb259aq
6 thank you very much i am all set bye	you are welcome good bye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves cuban food	i am sorry there are no cuban restaurants in the cheap price range is there anywhere else you will like to search for ?
2 could you look for chinese restaurants instead ?	there are 3 in the centre and one in the south charlie chan is one of the cheap chinese restaurants in the centre
3 can i get the address and phone number of charlie chan please ?	charlie chan s phone number is 01223 361763 and the address is regent street city centre may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you that is all i need goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the centre part of town	anatolia is a turkish restaurant it is in the moderate price range and it is in the centre part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 i don t care	is there anything else you want ?
3 yes i would like a different selection please what other places serve turkish food ?	there is efes restaurant in the moderate price range and meze bar restaurant in the expensive range both of them in the centre do you like their information ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town what is the phone number and address ?	restaurant alimentum is a moderately price restaurant in the south area of town their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 hills road
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thank you for calling goodbye

1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town do you prefer indian italian or british ?
2 can i have the address and phone number of the italian location ?	prezzo is at 21-24 northampton road and can be reached at 01799 521260 can i be of further assistance ?
3 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 i am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south	there are 3 chinese restaurants in the south two are expensive and one is cheap would you like more information or to make a reservation ?
2 yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please ?	you are booked at the good luck chinese food takeaway your reference number is ardcxt6o
3 thanks so much that will be all for today	have a great time !

1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	do you have a certain type of food in mind ?
2 i don t care	frankie and bennys is an expensive italian restaurant in the south part of town would you like their address ?
3 what other options are there ?	in the expensive range there are two chinese restaurants and one indian in the south part of town
4 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	the peking restaurant is located at 10 homerton street city centre and the phone number is 01223 354755
5 that will do thank you !	thank you and good bye

1 i m looking for yu garden can you help me find it ?	yes yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton it s phone number is 01223248882 do you need anything else ?
2 would you please book me a table for two at 14:30 on monday ?	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another restaurant ?
3 what is the area and price range for the yu garden please ?	yu garden is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that services chinese food
4 that sounds great could you book it for me please and give me the reference number	yu garden is not open then shall i try another place to dine ?
5 yes please try another different restaurant in the same area with same price range	i was able to book grafton hotel restaurant reference number is pc2vluzw
6 thank you that is all i need bye	okay glad i could be of help

1 i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food	there is one british restaurant in the east part of town called grafton hotel restaurant would you like the phone number ?
2 yes please along with the phone number and the post code thanks	it s located at the grafton hotel restaurant the phone number is 01223 241387 and the postal code is c.b 5 8 pa
3 wonderful thank you	no problem have a good time good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food	there aren t any belgian restaurants in the area would you like to search for something else ?
2 portuguese please	for portuguese food there is nandos in the south part of town or nandos city centre would you like the contact information for either of those ?
3 yes please i will take the phone number and address for nandos in the south area	absolutely nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way its phone number is 01223327908 would you like anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves irish food	there are no matches for that search
2 how about modern european food ?	there s darrys cookhouse and wine shop located in the centre of town would you like their information ?
3 yes please i would like the address and the phone number	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is located at 40270 king street city centre their phone number is 01223 505015
4 thank you goodbye !	you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you goodbye	have a nice day !

1 is there any place serving cheap indian food ?	i found three in the centre part of town and one in the north which area do you prefer ?
2 i don t care	kohinoor is an indian restaurant in the cheap price range and in the centre do you want the address and phone number ?
3 of course !	kohinoor s address is 74 mill road city centre and the phone number is 01223 323639 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you that s all i need good bye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i would like to eat in the center of town at a expensive place	for town centre there are african asian oriental and british options which of these would you prefer ?
2 how about african ? i d like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on tuesday	i have booked a table at bedouin african restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday your reference number is vazcwis6 may i help with anything else ?
3 nope that s all i needed ! thanks !	okay great enjoy your dining experience

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food	there aren t any restaurants serving persian food in the north part of town would you like me to look in a different area ?
2 are there chinese restaurants in the north part of town ?	there are three chinese restaurants in the north part of town what price range would you like ?
3 any price range would be fine	there are three restaurants that serve chinese food in the north part of town would you like me to list them ?
4 please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants	golden wok is a chinese restaurant located in the north part of town and the phone number is 01223 350688
5 can i have the phone number to one more restarant please ?	the hakka also serves chinese food and is on the north side of town their phone number is 01223 568988 is there anything else i can help you with
6 no thank you that is good good bye	thank you for using our system good bye

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food	would the centre part of town be convenient for you ?
2 i don t care	may i suggest the hotel du vin and bistro ?
3 can you please give me the address and phone number ?	their address is 15 - 19 trumpington street and phone number is 01223 227330
4 thank you !	thank you goodbye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town what is the phone number and type of food ?	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 241387
2 ok thank you	you re welcome

1 yes please help me find a restaurant in the center of town	there are 69 restaurants in the centre of town you can narrow it down further by price range or cuisine type
2 it should be in the moderate price range	i have 4 that serve british food and 1 that serves asian
3 i would like to book the asian one for tuesday	what time and for how many people would you like to book ?
4 19:00 for 6 people	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different location ?
5 as long as its in the same area and price range that will be fine i also need the reference number too	i was able to get you a booking at restaurant one seven it is british will that one be good ?
6 yes can i please get the reference number ?	okay your reference number is 9rxqyeio
7 thank you for all your help	you are welcome have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town	do you have a price range preference ? there are two cheap 1 moderate and 1 expensive
2 i m interested in a cheap place what can you tell me about those ?	we have dojo noodle bar and j restaurant which are both cheap restaurants in the centre of town would you like to book one of those ?
3 yes get me a table for two at dojo noodle bar on wednesday at 16:00	there are no tables available at the time requested would you like to try another time or day ?
4 hmm can you try at 15:00 instead ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : h6ob1o8j is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all thanks !	thank you goodbye

1 hi ! can you give me some information on the golden curry restaurant ?	the golden curry is an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre of town is there anything else you would like to know ?
2 that sounds great i would like a table for 5 people at 19:00 on tuesday	unfortunately that day/time are unavailable would you like me to try a different time or day ?
3 okay try 18:00 instead	that time is available so i ve made your reservation the reference number is oshzupsd what else can i do for you ?
4 that s all that i needed today thanks !	great glad i could help enjoy your meal
5 thanks i will bye !	thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre bye !

1 i d like to find a north american restaurant in any area i d like the address phone and price range	gourmet burger kitchen is a restaurant serving north american food and in the expensive price range the phone number is 01223 312598 and the address is regent street city centre
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
3 good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the south and should be in the cheap price range	how about nandos i ve heard great things !
2 is that restaurant in the south ? i"d like to book for 4 people at 1330 on saturday please	nandos is indeed in the south the booking is successful with the reference number pcffz610 do you need more help ?
3 thanks that s all good bye	you are more than welcome !

1 in the west part of town are there any upscale pricey restaurants ?	yes there are 9 what cuisine would you like ?
2 i m not picky; do you have a favorite ? i d appreciate it if you would choose one for me and give me the address thanks !	i would suggest graffiti it is british food would you like me to book a table for you ?
3 no i just need the address	here is the address you are looking for hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road
4 great i think that s everything i need thank you for helping me	you re very welcome i hope you have a great dinner is there anything else at all that i can assist you with ?
5 nope as i said that s all i need	thank you for using our services

1 hello there any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town ?	loch fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre of town it is in the expensive price range would that work ?
2 yes that will be fine could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on saturday ?	your table is reserved for 12:30 on saturday your reference number is 3l2hybcy
3 thank you so much that was all i needed today have a good afternoon	you re welcome thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre !

1 could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre ?	there are 33 in that area please choose a food type african asian british chinese european french gastropub indian japanese korean mediterranean north american modern european seafood thai or turkish
2 i want to try seafood can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on thursday ?	i m sorry it doesn t look like loch fyne has tables at that time and they re the only one that focuses on seafood would you like to try somewhere else ?
3 please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as loch fyne	ok i can book at bedouin if you would like ? they serve african food
4 yes,and book it for 4 people on thursday at 7:45,thank you	ok i have booked a table for 4 at bedouin on thursday at 7:45
5 could you please give me the reference number ?	your booking was successful your reference number is bty06386 may i help you with anything else today ?
6 no thank you that is all i needed goodbye	you are welcome enjoy your dinner bye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is located in the east part of town and in the cheap price range
2 could i have the phone number and address please ?	the phone number is 01223 812660 and the address is finders corner newmarket road
3 thank you goodbye	glad to help goodbye

1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	there are 5 expensive restaurants in the east what food type do you want ?
2 i don t care	how about the royal standard at 290 mill road city centre ?
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 247877

1 hello i m trying to find an expensive asian oriental restaurant can you help me find one ?	saigon city is in the north of town and kymmoy is in the center
2 could you book one of them for thursday at 13:15 for 5 people ? thanks	i have booked you a table for 5 at kymmoy at 52 mill road city reference number 1bbum6yn can i help you with anything else today ?
3 no thank you	you are welcome have a nice day
4 thank you you too	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre ! goodbye !

1 i need a restaurant that serves european food please	what area are you looking for ?
2 anything in the area would be fine	galleria is a nice restaurant serving european food is in the centre of town and is moderately priced
3 i am looking for something in the expensive price range	i m sorry there is no one serving european food in the expensive price range

1 i want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town i need its address and phone number please	la margherita serves cheap italian in the west area it is located at 15 magdalene street city centre phone 01223 315232
2 thank you goodbye	thank you

1 can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town ?	there are a total of 15 different cheap restaurants located in the centre of town is there a particular type of food you are wanting ?
2 surprise me what food type can you recommend ?	i have a great portuguese restaurant if you care to try it it s called nando s city centre or if you prefer i have anything from italian to spanish as well
3 what s the post code for nando city ?	it is cb23ar is there anything else i could help you with ?
4 no that s all i needed thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

1 please suggest me a venetian restaurant in the moderate price range	i m sorry there is not a restaurant meeting those criteria would you like to try something else ?
2 ok how about a restaurant that serves gastropub type of food ?	there is one moderately priced gastropub in the town centre called the cow pizza kitchen and bar
3 great ! can you please give me the address and phone number ?	the phone and address are 01223 308871 corn exchange street
4 thank you goodbye	have a nice day ! thank you goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the moderate price range	there are five italian restaurants in the moderate price range four have pizza in their names and then there is prezzo
2 could i book through you a table at the prezzo for 8 on 17:15 this friday as well as get the reference number for the prezzo ?	i have booked that for you and your reference number is s6vdpmw3 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 nothing else thanks for your great help goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town any kind of food is good with me; i would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find	restaurant alimentum s phone number is 01223 413000
2 can you tell me what type of food they serve ?	restaurant alimentum serves modern european food
3 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome have a good evening

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the center	how does the rice house sound ? it is a personal favorite
2 is it expensive ? i would like an expensive restaurant	no the rice house is in the cheap price range would you like to try the ugly duckling instead ?
3 sure can you make a reservation for me ? there will be 8 of us at 12:30 on saturday	your table is booked the reference number is nefptq46 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is it for today thank you and goodbye	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

1 hello ! i m looking for information on restaurant one seven	sure restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area and is moderately priced would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please could you book me a table for 3 people on tuesday at 14:15	unfortunately there is nothing available for tuesday at 14:15 would another time or day work for you ?
3 can we try the same day for 13:15 ?	your booking was successful your reference number is 98olerpx is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s all i needed thanks for your help !	you re very welcome enjoy your meal goodbye !

1 i need to find an expensive restaurant in the west	we have quite a few spots do you have a specific type of food you d like to eat ?
2 no i don t really care can you suggest one ?	tandoori palace is an indian restaurant their food is lovely
3 that sounds yummy ! what is their postcode and phone number please ?	their phone is 01223506055 and the postcode is cb43le would you like me to make a booking ?
4 no that is all i need today thank you !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

1 a moderate priced irish food restaurant	there are no irish restaurants would you like to choose another type of food ?
2 yes could you please check whether there is a gastropub ?	there are three gastropub restaurants listed one is in the east part of town and the rest are in the centre
3 i would like the address and phone number of the one in the east part of town	i m sorry it appears there are no results for the east part of town our system is having difficulty of some sort
4 can i have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the centre of town ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of town it s located on corn exchange street and the phone number is 01223 308871
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

1 i would like a cheap restaurant which serves italian food	da vinci pizzeria serves cheap italian food would you like their address or phone number ?
2 what is their address and what part of town are they in ?	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town the address is 20 milton road chesterton
3 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food
4 thank you goodbye	good bye please call again if you have further questions
5 thank you goodbye !	good bye

1 i need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in i d like it to be chinese food	are you looking to dine in a particular area ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town please	i have tang chinese that meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 no i just need the address postcode and phone number thanks !	tang chinese is located at napier street city center phone number is 01223357187 and the postcode is cb11hr
4 that s all i need thanks good bye	you re welcome thank you for calling goodbye

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called restaurant one seven	it is a moderately-priced british restaurant in the centre of town would you like the address ?
2 yes please give me the complete address	it is located at de vere university arms regent street city centre
3 thank you for your help !	you are welcome

1 i am looking for more information regarding the cambridge chop house	sure ! that s a great expensive british restaurant in the centre of town what other information would you like to know ?
2 i guess i just need the address	their address is 1 kings parade
3 that s all i needed thank you !	you re welcome is there anything else i can help you with before we go ?
4 nope that s it ! thanks for your help	happy to be of service today enjoy the rest of your day !

1 i d like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	do you have any particular food type in mind ?
2 mexican	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive mexican restaurant in the south area
3 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the postcode is c b 1 7 d y and the phone number is 01223 400170
4 thank you ! that is all i needed to know good night	goodbye

1 i am looking for a place to dine i would like european food in the expensive price range	i was able to find five restaurants that meet you requests eraina is a great choice would you like me to book you a table ?
2 is it in the north area ?	no it is in the centre city stop restaurant is an expensive european restaurant in the north end would you like a reservation there ?
3 yes please i would like to book a table for 8 people on tuesday at 15:00	we have made your reservation thank you !
4 that s great - can you give me the reference number ?	sure sorry for that - 5u8l4dtq do you need any more help ?
5 thats all - thanks for great service !	happy to help anytime bye !

1 i want to eat some north american food	ok the gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre would you like the address ?
2 can you tell me the price range ?	the price range of the food there is expensive
3 thanks can i get the address and phone number ?	their address is regent street city centre you can contact them at 01223312598 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 no that is ok thank you for all your help today	welcome again some other day
5 thank you good bye	thank you for using our services

1 i m looking for unusual and expensive cuisine in the west do you have any suggestions ?	i didn t find any records matching those criteria
2 how about an indian restaurant ?	there are several in the west area what is your address and i can find one that is closest to you ? do you want to walk ?
3 i just want to go to one you think is best please	you should definitely try cocum can i reserve a table for you ?
4 yes please i need a table for 4 people at 14:45 on thursday if not thursday i d like the same time on tuesday please send me the reference number	i was able to get you a table on thursday ref# xluim3sn is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no you ve been awesome thanks for all your help !	i hope you enjoy your meal goodbye !

1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves christmas food	i m sorry there aren t any restaurants serving christmas food would you like something else instead ?
2 how about chinese ?	there are three results that serve chinese on the south area of town do you have a price range preference ?
3 i don t care about price	peking restaurant is an expensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town would you like their information ?
4 yes i would like their address	the address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre is there any other information you require ?
5 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve chinese food
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

1 would you happen to know if there are any cheap restaurants with scottish cuisine ?	i m sorry there aren t any is there anything else you could prefer ?
2 no not at this time i was really only hunting a restaurant with scottish cuisine thank you for your time	is there anything else i can assist you with ?
3 is there one available that serves chinese food ?	yes there are 4 when would you like me to reserve the table for you ?
4 yes monday 12:15 for four	i managed to successfully book a table in the rice house that is in the centre your reservation number is onc1aejc
5 that s wonderful thank you for your assistance bye !	no problem i m here to help goodbye !

1 i want the creative food sir oh and this needs to be in the south as well	what is the price range you would prefer today ?
2 any price range will be fine	i m sorry but our system does not show any matches for your inquiry
3 how about chinese food ?	there s a restaurant that serves delicious chinese food called peking restaurant in the expensive range would you like their address and phone number ?
4 yes please	okay peking restaurant s number is 01223 354755 and they are located at 10 homerton street city centre is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no thank you and good bye	you re welcome ! goodbye !

1 are there any cheap indian restaurants around ?	yes i have 3 in the center and one located on the north side of town do you have a preference ?
2 yes i would prefer the centre	i think kohinoor the gandhi or mahal of cambridge would all suit you would you like to book a table at one of them ?
3 let s go with the first one kohinoor do they have a table for 2 available at 1pm tomorrow ?	for what day please ?
4 wednesday like the girl from the adam s family	sorry there are no tables available would you like to try another restaurant ?
5 another place to eat any type centre and cheap	i was able to book you at the gandhi your reference number is r9xjc41b is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 actually i just found out that another couple will be joining us and we d like to eat at 17:15 can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time ?	yes sure your reference number for the new booking will be 47n2k0rg
7 thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a lovely day

1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	how about charlie chan ? it is cheap and delicious
2 is there anything else ?	there is royal spice if you like indian and da vinci pizzeria if you like italian would you like more info on either of those ?
3 yes please	for which would you like more information the royal spice or the da vinci pizzeria
4 what is the phone number ?	royal spice s phone number is 01733 553355 and da vinci pizzeria s is 01223 351707
5 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
6 what is the price range ?	they are in the cheap price range
7 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

1 i want a restaurant in the centre and serves japanese food what is the address ?	wagamama serves japanese food and is in the center area of town the address is 36 saint andrews street
2 thank you !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you	have a great day thank you for using the services

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there is the golden wok for chinese food and the nirala for indian food
2 can i get the address and phone number ?	for which location would you like that address and phone number ?
3 for both please	golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688 the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you and goodbye	you re welcome thanks and goodbye

1 please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town	there are many restaurants in the centre of town are you looking for a specific kind of food ?
2 i am looking for traditional food in the centre part of town	i m sorry there are no traditional restaurants listed in the centre part of town would you like to try something else ?
3 how about turkish food ?	anatolia serves turkish food and is located in the centre of town their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 bridge street city centre
4 what is price range ?	anatolia is moderately priced do you need additional information ?
5 no that is it thank you	thank you have a nice day !

1 is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving halal food ?	no there are no restaurants in the center of town serving halal food
2 is there any restaurant in the centre serving spanish food ?	there are two spanish restaurants in the city centre what price range are you looking for ?
3 i don t care	la raza is located int he centre of town and is in the cheap price range
4 la raza sounds lovely may i have the number and postcode please ?	of course ! their number is 01223 464550 and their postcode is c.b 2 3 ll is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no thank you i have all i need goodbye !	good bye it was a pleasure to assist you
6 again goodbye !	goodbye

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	ok i m showing a number of cheap restaurants in town which area do you prefer ?
2 i want somewhere in the center	there are many restaurants in the centre of town is there any particular type of food you desire ?
3 i made a mistake i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	i have two restaurants available do you prefer italian or indian food ?
4 i prefer indian food	royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north
5 is there anything else ?	there is nothing else in the indian and cheap in the north part of town
6 how about that italian restaurant ?	da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north it s address is 20 milton road chesterton
7 thank you for the information goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

1 hi i would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves creative food please	sadly there are no restaurants anywhere in cambridge that describe their food as "creative." we do have many restaurants in town though so i d be happy to look for something else
2 how about a restaurant that services chinese food ?	there are 10 chinese restaurants in the centre of town is there a specific price range you would like ?
3 i don t care about the price range can you just pick a good one for me ?	if money is no concern i would definitely recommend hk fusion it s in the centre of town and expensive it s located at 21 burleigh street city centre how does that sound ?
4 yes sounds good please reserve a table for six at 12:15 on saturday	that was unsuccessful would you like another day or time slot ?
5 is 11:15 on saturday available ?	that booking was successful a reservation was made for 6 people at hk fusion on saturday at 11:15 reference is arwfxldl can i help with anything else ?
6 nothing else i look forward to the meal thank you for all your help	you re very welcome thanks for using our service

1 i want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving austrian food	there are no restaurants for austrian food matching your request
2 what about british food ?	there are 5 moderately priced restaurants that serve british food saint johns chop house in the west and cotto restaurant one seven the copper kettle and the oak bistro in the city centre
3 saint johns chop house sounds good could you give me the phone number ?	yes here it is 01223 353110
4 thank you so much	can i help you with anything else today ?
5 that s it goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 are there any indonesian restaurants in the centre ?	there are no restaurants that meet that criteria would you like to try another area of the city ?
2 no i would like an expensive restaurant though	there are quite a few i might recommend la mimosa it serves mediterranean food does that sound good ?
3 i m not a fan of mediterranean is there a sushi spot somewhere close ?	i can t find any sushi places for you how about another ?
4 let s try expensive italian food i need a table for 6 on wednesday at 18:45 can you help me ?	i made your reservation at stazione restaurant and coffee bar for wednesday at 18:45 for 6 people have fun !
5 thank you can i get the reference number for my reservation ?	the booking was unsuccessful do you have another preference ?
6 yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i was able to book don pasquale pizzeria reference number is g4t03zz7
7 okay thank you very much	you re welcome ! please let me know if you need anything else

1 i d like to find a place to eat on the west side something moderately priced please	certainly on the west side we have saint john s chop house meghna and prezzo do any of those sound good ?
2 do any of those serve british food ?	yes saint johns chop house serves british food would you like to book a table if so how many people will be dining ?
3 i only need the restaurant s address phone number and postcode	saint johns chop house is located at 21 - 24 northampton street postcode cb30ad the phone number is 01223353110 is there any other information you need ?
4 no that should be all thank you so much for your assistance !	thank you for using our system !

1 i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food	there are no restaurants that seve christmas food
2 how about asian oriental food ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food as is in the north part of town
3 that sounds like it will work may i have the address and phone number please ?	saigon city has an address of 169 high street chesterton their phone number is 01223 356555
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

1 i want to find a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre	we have 21 entries that match do you have a preference on type of food ?
2 i d like lebanese food please	ali baba serves lebanese food in the town centre at a moderate price range would you like to make a booking ?
3 yes please i need a table for 3 at 18:45 on a tuesday	i was unable to find you a table at that time is there another time that would work for you ?
4 i guess we could move it an hour earlier if that s better ?	that worked you have a table at 17:45 with reference number 2s4uxxs3 can i help with anything else today ?
5 that s all i needed thanks for your help	no problem happy to help

1 i want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves panasian food	sorry there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving panasian food
2 italian food please phone number and postcode please	frankie and bennys serves italian food in the south part of town the phone number is 01223 412430 and the postcode is c.b 1 7 dy
3 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food
4 what is the price range ?	they are quite expensive
5 thank you for your help good bye	thank you goodbye !

1 hello i m trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves moroccan food can you help me ?	there are no restaurants that match your request would you like to search for another food type or price range ?
2 how about vietnamese food ?	thanh binh is in the cheap price range and serves vietnamese food
3 could i have the phone number please ?	the phone number is 01223 362456
4 thank you goodbye	my pleasure goodbye

1 i need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side	there are 9 restaurants that meet that criteria is there a type of cuisine you would prefer ?
2 i don t have a preference	i have a listing for cambridge lodge restaurant that serves british food,can i book you a table there ?
3 that sounds good i would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on sunday	i m sorry that booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another time or another restaurant ?
4 is there another restaurant available at that time in the same area and price range ?	yes i can book you at graffiti the reference number is uyw8jk6t may i help with anything else ?
5 i think that is all thank you cheers	good day

1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town	do you want curry prince ?
2 is there anything else ?	there are two other moderately priced restaurants on the east side pizza hut fen ditton serving italian food and rajmahal another indian restaurant
3 what is the address phone number and type of food of one of them ?	rajmahal is the indian restaurant they are at 7 barnwell road fen ditton and their number is 01223 244955
4 thank you good bye	thank you and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a german restaurant in the west	there are no german restaurants available in the west would you like to try a different area or different food type ?
2 how about one that serves british food instead ?	there are three british restaurants in the west what price range are you considering ?
3 i m looking for meals under 30$ a person i need to book for 3 at 16:15 on wednesday	the restaurant saint johns chop house is the only restaurant to your specifications with a moderate pricing would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 yes please and i will need a reference number	your booking is successful and your reference number is czt3la0m is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that is great	thanks !
6 have a good day !	enjoy your time !

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town	you have lots of good cheap choices in that part of town ! what type of food sounds good to you ? there are italian restaurants indian spanish chinese and more
2 how about chinese ? can you book me a table for 3 people at 18:15 on a sunday ?	i m sorry none of the chinese restaurants are available at that time is there another day or time that would work for you ?
3 ok i ll try for a little earlier how about 17:15 ?	booked at charlie chan ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is ygwcxmk4
4 thanks so much i think that was all i needed have a great day	thank you enjoy your meal

1 i am in the past of town can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range ?	do you have a specific food type in mind ?
2 i do not care about the type of food	the bloomsbury restaurant serves many differnt types of food
3 is it in the west part of town ?	unfortuntately bloomsbury restaurant is in the centre of town would you like for me to search in the west side ?
4 yes west please	the meghna is one on the west side
5 great ! could you please give me the address and phone number of that restaurant ?	the phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 victoria road chesterton can i help you with anything else today ?
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

1 yes i would like to find spanish food in the center of town	you re in luck i have two options for you one is in the cheaper price range the other is listed as moderately priced do you have a preference ?
2 let s go with the cheap one i ll need a table for 7 on sunday at 12:15 please	unfortunately the booking was not successful
3 can you try on saturday 7 people at 12:15	yes you re booked for saturday with reference number v54fg5x2 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i help with anything else ?
4 no that s all i need thanks for your help !	thank you goodbye !

1 i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north	unfortunately i was unable to find a mexican restaurant in the north is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 how about a chinese restaurant ?	the hotpot sounds like a good idea need a reservation ?
3 yes please 6 people at 11:30 on sunday	i m so sorry but i wasn t able to make that reservation for you may i try on another day or at another time ?
4 yes let s shoot for the same thing but on wednesday instead okay ?	i was able to get you that reservation on wednesday the table will be reserved for 15 minutes prior to your arrival
5 may i have the reference number please ?	absolutely the reference number is w92c2z47 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 that was all thanks	did you say you also needed a taxi to the restaurant ?
7 no i don t need that anymore thanks have a great day !	you as well thanks for calling goodbye

1 i d like to find information for the restaurant called the missing sock	the missing sock serves cheap international food and is in the east would you like more information ?
2 no that s it thank you	thank you be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations

1 i need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish	there s no resturant serving polish food do you want something else ?
2 ok how about a thai restaurant ? i want address and phone number	bangkok city is a thai restaurant it s address is 24 green street city centre and phone number is 01223 354382
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 hi i am looking for some information on the good luck chinese food takeaway	yes we can help you with that it is located at 82 cherry hinton road cherry hinton the phone number is 01223244149 is there anything else you would like to know ?
2 can you make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on tuesday ?	i am sorry booking was unsuccessful for that time can i help you find a place in the same area and type of food ?
3 no thank you i will think of something else once i call a friend	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes actually i d like the reservation for any other restaurant that is in the same area and price range as the good luck chinese food takeaway	great ! you re booked at peking restaurant with reference number v6teun6t may i help with anything else ?
5 great ! thank you for your time nothing else for now goodbye	thank you for using our system

1 i m hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the centre	no problem ! what type of food were you interested in ?
2 i would love to have some indian food please	i ve found 3 restaurants in that area: kohinoor the gandhi and mahal of cambridge
3 would you see if any of those are available on wednesday at 14:45 for 5 people ? thanks	i was able to get you a table at the gandhi your reference number is myume8fr and they ll hold the table for 15 minutes can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you ! there will be nothing else goodbye	have a good day !

1 i need a restaurant of moderate price in the west	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west would you prefer british indian or italian food ?
2 i would like to eat british food please	i recommend the saint johns chop house it should suit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 no thanks can i get the address with postcode please ?	the address is 21-24 northampton street and the post code is cb30ad
4 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	thank you have a great day

1 i would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food	there are no restaurants available that serve scandinavian food are there any other restaurants you would like to try ?
2 how about french ?	restaurant two two serves french food would you like the location information ?
3 if you could give me the phone number that would be great	the phone number for restaurant two two is 01223 351880 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you that does it thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food what is the address and phone number ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and their phone number is 01223 327908
2 ok thanks	is there anything else we can help you with ?
3 that is all thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 chinese food	i m showing 4 restaurants matching that description 3 in the city centre and 1 in the north do you have a preference for area ?
3 could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the north ?	golden wok is in the north area its phone number is 01223 350688 their address is 191 histon road chesterton
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy !

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	how about nandos a portuguese place ?
2 is there anything else available ?	the lucky star is also a cheap restaurant in the south part of town it serves chinese food
3 ok can you give me the address of the lucky star ?	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that would be all thank you and good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i am starving !	what would you like to eat ?
2 indian food in the centre please	there are a few of those what price point are you looking for ?
3 i don t have a price range in mind can you recommend just one restaurant matching my criteria ?	how about kohinoor ? it s a cheap indian restaurant in the center would you like a reservation ?
4 that sounds great can you just give me the postcode ?	the postcode for kohinoor is cb12as is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 one more thing what s the price range ?	kohinoor is a cheap restaurant
6 wonderful that s all i need !	great have a wonderful evening !

1 i m in the east part of town and i d like to find a nearby scandinavian restaurant	there are no venues selling scandinavian food in the east part of town
2 how about indian food give me their address and phone number	there are four restaurants in the east part of town serving indian food what price range would you like ?
3 it doesn t matter	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves indian food
4 can i have the phone number please ?	curry prince s phone number is 01223 566388 can i help you with anything else ?
5 i need their address	of course it is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 j.j
6 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome thank you and have a good day goodbye

1 i d like something moderately priced please	do you care what type of food ?
2 no the type of food doesn t matter	yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food in the moderate price range
3 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for yippee noodle bar is 01223 518111
4 thank you for giving me the information good bye	goodbye

1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town what is the address and phone number ?	i show several expensive restaurants on the south side of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 any kind i don t care also give me the phone number and address	frankie and bennys is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 412430
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye

1 i need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	there s a restaurant that serves international food called the missing sock does that sound good ?
3 what is the address ?	their address is finders corner newmarket road
4 how about their postcode ?	their postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food	the bedouin serves african food at 100 mill road city centre would you like to make a booking ?
2 i would like a restaurant in the expensive price range please	bedouin is expensive would you like to book there ?
3 yes i want to book a table for 3 people on tuesday at 19:45	that time slot is unavailable is there another time slot you want to book ?
4 could you try 18:45 instead ?	your table has been reserved at for 3 at 18:45 on tuesday the reference number is ie3wwfdn
5 thank you very much have a great day	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 hi i am looking for a cheap italian restaurant please	i have some in the north center and west side do you have a preference in area ?
2 no no preference please just find me one that has a table available for 4 people at 17:45 on monday	i m sorry but none of the italian restaurants have reservations available at that time do you want me to check for a different time ?
3 yes i ll try for a little earlier how about 16:45 ?	booked at la margherita ! your reference number is ng7au0y2 your table will be held for 15 minutes
4 thank you very much for your help !	you re welcome have a great day !

1 know anywhere that has european food ?	sure there are lots of good european restaurants in town is there a price range that you prefer ?
2 yes actually can we find something in the moderate price range ?	how about the galleria in the town centre ? i could make a reservation for you if you wish
3 that would be greatly appreciated i will have one other person with me this will be on sunday at 18:15 also could i get the reference number ?	you are all set for sunday the reference number is 7w544x5o is there anything else i could help you with ?
4 no you have been very helpful thank you	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
5 that should be all i need thank you	you re welcome thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre
6 thanks i appreciate it bye !	alright thank you goodbye

1 yes i need help locating pizza hut city centre	sure the pizza hut city centre is located at regent street city centre their postcode is cb21ab can i help with anything else today ?
2 what is the price range ?	they re listed as cheap
3 do you have their phone number ?	yes it s 01223323737 is there anything else i can help with ?
4 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	you re welcome have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i m looking for unusual food and i want a place in the centre of town	i don t have anything matching unusual but i do have an african restaurant in the center of town as well as some gastropubs would either interest you ?
3 i ll take something that is cheap	there are a total of 15 restaurants that are cheap in the centre is there another type you would like to try ?
4 do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest ?	i would recommend golden house
5 is that italian ? i would like an italian restaurant please	okay how about the pizza hut city centre ? i heard it s pretty good
6 okay that sounds good i need to make a reservation for 2 people on tuesday	what time would you like to visit ?
7 how about 13:15 ?	i was able to book the table for you it will be reserved for 15 minutes the reference number is 97aaf776
8 that s great thank you	awesome have a good day !

1 i am looking to eat moderate priced british food	i have five eateries that are british in that price range do you have a preference of area ?
2 i want it to be in the centre	restaurant one seven is a restaurant meeting your preferences there are 3 others that also meet your preferences
3 that one sounds good can i get the address and post code ?	the address is de vere university arms regent street city centre the post code is cb21ab
4 great and what is the phone number ?	the number is 01223337766
5 that will be all thanks	you re welcome have a good day goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food	there are no malaysian restaurants in this area
2 i am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food	i have found several restaurants serving asian oriental food what area of town do you prefer ?
3 i don t care	does the price range matter ?
4 i don t care	might i suggest the dojo noodle bar they are located in the centre of town and they are cheap would you like their phone number ?
5 yes and their address too	dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 millers yard city centre and their phone number is 01223 363471 is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
6 what is the postcode ?	the postcode for dojo noodle bar is cb 1 7 d.y
7 no that will be all thank you and goodbye !	you re welcome good bye and have a great day !
8 you too	thanks !

1 i want to find a place that serves halal food can you help me ? not too expensive please	i cannot find any restaurants serving halal food would you like something different ?
2 how about european food instead ?	the river bar steakhouse and grill is a modern european restaurant that looks like the least expensive option available it is located in the centre of town how does that sound ?
3 that sounds good may i have their address and postcode please ?	the river bar is located at quayside off bridge street the postcode is c.b 5 8 aq
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and enjoy your meal !

1 i need an east restaurant i want to try some canapes food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants serving canapes food in the east part of town
2 then could you recommend a chinese restaurant ?	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east part of town
3 address phone number and postcode please	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and their number is 01223 248882 also their postcode is c.b 5 8 pa is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you
5 goodbye	enjoy your meal

1 cheap restaurant please	what type of cuisine would you prefer ?
2 do you have any serves jamaican food ?	there aren t any jamaican restaurants nearby would you like another type of cuisine ?
3 how about mediterranean ?	yes the gardenia serves mediterranean would you like their phone number ?
4 yes and the postcode please	the gardenia s phone number is 01223 356354 and the postcode is c.b 2 3 ll is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you goodbye	have a nice day goodbye

1 i d like to find a panasian restaurant in the centre of town please	unfortunately i was not able to locate a panasian restaurant in that area would you like me to look in another area or for a different type of restaurant ?
2 oh no well i ll take chinese food then	great choice ! we have 10 restaurants in that area do you have a preference on price ?
3 no i don t care about the price which one looks good ?	tang chinese is listed at expensive would you like more information ?
4 can i have the phone number address and postcode ?	yes the address is napier street city centre the postcode is cb11hr and the phone number is 01223357187
5 that s all i needed today thank you	enjoy your meal let me know if i can help with any thing else

1 i would like a restaurant in the west part of town	there are several restaurants in the west part of town would you like something in the expensive moderate or cheap price range ?
2 i don t care	what type of food would you like ?
3 canapes food	i am sorry there are no restaurants with canapes is there some other type of food you would like ?
4 how about thai food instead ?	of course how about sala thong ? it is a thai restraunt in the west part of town
5 what is the address phone number and price range ?	sala thong is quite expensive the address is 35 newnham road newnham and phone number is 01223 323178 can i help you with anything else ?
6 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for using the restaurant service

1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	what kind of food are you interested in having ?
2 dont care but i would like the address and phone number	i recommend pizza hut cherry hinton its phone number is 01223 323737 and their address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
3 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the south part of town
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i m looking for an english restaurant that s moderately priced	there are no restaurants matching your request may i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 okay then i m looking for a restaurant with chinese food that s moderately priced	i have four restaurants matching your request would you like to hear them all or narrow your request ?

1 i need an expensive restaurant in the centre	great ! there are a lot of tasty choices are you in the mood for a specific type of food ?
2 yes indian sounds good to me !	i have many to choose from what about the saffron brasserie ?
3 yeah that sounds great would you reserve me a table for 4 friday at 13:15 please ?	booked your table will be held for 15 minutes your reference number is gbpijp33
4 thanks a bunch ! that s all i needed take care and have a good day	you are welcome enjoy your meal bye

1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town	there are five restaurants matching your description would you like a specific food type or would you like all their names ?
2 i don t care	frankie and bennys is an expensive italian restaurant in the south part of town
3 can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number ?	it is an italian restaurant and the phone number is 01223 412430

1 i want a moroccan restaurant	what price range would you like ?
2 any price range will be fine	i am sorry i can t find any moroccan restaurant do you prefer any other type of food ?
3 yes can you find any mediterranean restaurant please	la mimosa is a restaurant serving mediterranean food in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range
4 i would like the address phone number and post code information for la mimosa please thank you !	the phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and they are located at thompsons lane fen ditton the postcode is c.b 5 8 aq would you like anything else today ?
5 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

1 i am looking for a place called tang chinese	i have located tang chinese it is in the centre of town would you like me to book you ?
2 yes please book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on friday	i am sorry this time is not available another restaurant perhaps ?
3 are there any other restaurants for the same price range in the same area ?	kymmoy is also in the centre it is an expensive asian restaurant would you like me to book this one for you ?
4 yes please try the same date and time for that restaurant	your booking was successful the reference number is i82b519f is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	okay thank you for calling enjoy your dinner

1 i am looking for a restaurant i would like something cheap that has chinese food	i ve heard good things about the lucky star need a reservation ?
2 yes could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on saturday ?	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : fdlfktzm
3 thank you so much for your help !	you re welcome thank you ! have a good day now !
4 thanks you too goodbye	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre good-bye

1 hi ! can you give me some information on the royal spice restaurant ?	of course ! it s a cheap indian restaurant in the north at victoria avenue chesteron cb41eh the phone number is 01733553355 may i help with anything else ?
2 i would like to book for two on wednesday at 17:15	i have you booked wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2 this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is gxo64lg8
3 great thanks ! that s all i needed !	you re welcome ! have a great day goodbye

1 hi i am looking for a indian restaurant on the west side of town	i highly recommend meghna it is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on 205 victoria road chesterton would you like me to book it ?
2 that s not necessary can you tell me what price range it s in ?	it is in the moderate range for price
3 perfect how about the phone number and postcode ?	their post code is cb43lf and they can be reached at 01223727410
4 thank you so much for your help !	you re welcome is there anything else i can assist with today ?
5 nope that s all i needed today thanks !	awesome thank you for spending time in cambridge
6 it s one of my favorite places to visit thanks goodbye	you re very welcome ! have a nice day !

1 can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town ?	would you prefer italian or modern european food ?
2 i don t care either one is fine	how about pizza hut cherry hinton it serves italian food is in the moderate price range and in the south part of town
3 could i have the address and phone number please ?	sure pizza hut cherry hinton is located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 413000 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is all i needed thank you bye bye	goodbye

1 please find me a corsica restaurant	there are no corsica restaurants would you like something else ?
2 are there any gastropub restaurants ?	there are multiple gastropub restaurants what area are you looking for ?
3 i don t care	there are three expensive gastropub restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub do you have a preference ?
4 could i have the area address and phone number of the moderately priced one please ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is located in the city centre on corn exchange street and the number there is 01223 308871 how else may i help you ?
5 thank you goodbye	good day !

1 is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food ?	what price range are you looking for ?
2 any price range will do	there are no restaurants available matching your criteria would you like to try a different area price range or food type ?
3 are there any restaurants in the centre that serves north american type of food ?	yes the gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre part of the city would you like their location ?
4 can i get the phone number ?	the phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598
5 thank you good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

1 i m trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town	okay there are a lots of options what type of food would you like to eat ?
2 belgian food please	i don t have any restaurants that meet that criteria is there another type of food or area you would be interested in ?
3 ok how about chinese food then ?	how about tang chinese ? they are an expensive chinese restaurant at napier street city centre would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 no i don t need a reservation just the phone number and post code please	their phone number is 01223357187 and port code is cb11hr
5 great ! thanks so much	you are quite welcome is there anything further i can assist you with ?
6 no that is all thanks	you re welcome enjoy your meal thank you for contacting the centre goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food in the expensive price range	i m sorry there aren t any expensive persian restaurants would you like me to check for a different type of food ?
2 how about any restaurant in the centre ?	there are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town which cuisine type would you prefer ?
3 i think i d like to try indian food are there any of those in the center of town ?	there are 6 restaurants that fit your request curry garden the golden curry saffron brasserie panahar curry king and curry queen
4 any of them would be fine	alright shall i make a reservation for the curry king ?
5 yes please for 3 people t 15:30 on friday thank you	okay done the reference number for your table is bvk9xzpj and it is only reserved for 15 minutes
6 that s awesome thanks that s all i need !	you re welcome bon appetit !

1 i would like a restaurant that serves irish food	i am sorry i can t find any restaurant serving irish food in this town do you have another type of food in your mind ?
2 how about european food in any price range ?	i found 10 restaurants do you have a specific area or price range in mind ?
3 i don t care about the price as long as it s european can you recommend one ?	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food in the expensive price range
4 may i have their address and phone number please ?	the address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and the phone number is 01223 355166
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

1 i d like a restuarant in the north with expensive food	there are five places which type of food do you prefer ?
2 surprise me i just want something pricey to impress my friends it ll be a party of seven	i found five restaurants what day and time would you like to go ?
3 how about monday at 19:15	okay i have booked you at saigon city that is quite elegant and serves asian cuisine your reference number is j8igns09
4 thank you so much that is all i will be needing today have a nice evening	thank you and would you like the address for the restaurant ?
5 i don t think i need it but thanks for asking have a good day	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 i want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant please	what type of food would you like ?
2 belgian please i m craving that lately	we need some more information where are looking to eat ?
3 i prefer to eat in the center of town please	no i did not find any restaurants in the centre
4 hmm how about somewhere else in town what is available ?	i m sorry but i don t have any belgian places in the centre can i try a different area ?
5 why don t we try turkish food instead	there are two turkish restaurants in the centre of town they are efe s restaurant and anatolia
6 either would be fine can you book for 1 at 20:00 on tuesday ?	i m sorry it looks like they are both booked during yoir preferred time and day would you like to try something else ?
7 yes try 19:00 and please give me the reference number	booking was successful at efes restaurant the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : qxz05j29
8 thanks so much ! you ve been helpful	have a nice day
9 you have a nice day also	thank you i hope you enjoy your meal

1 i m looking for an afghan restaurant in the north	there are no restaurants matching your criteria would you like to modify your search results ?
2 how about a european food restaurant in the north instead ?	we have one it is the city stop restaurant would you like me to book it for you ?
3 can you give me their phone number address and price range please ?	they are in the expensive price range 01223363270 is their number you can find them on cambridge city football club milton road chesterton
4 great thank you for the help	you are more than welcome !

1 i m looking for a british restaurant in the expensive price range	we have several options available is there a certain area of town you re looking for ? if not i recommend graffiti in the west
2 graffiti sounds good i ll need a table for four on thursday at 16:45 please	it is all booked reference number is s3q9j1kj
3 great ! thanks a lot thats all i will be needing have a good day bye !	you re very welcome goodbye !

1 i feel like having italian for dinner are there any cheap restaurants with good italian in town ?	sure how about zizzi cambridge they offer cheap italian food in the town centre
2 sounds great can i get their number ?	certainly the phone number at zizzi cambridge is 01223365599 may i help with anything else ?
3 no i think that s all i need thanks for the help !	you re welcome have a great day !

1 hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east	royal standard is an expensive gastropub in the east would you like to book a table ?
2 that won t be necessary can you just give me their address and phone ?	the address is 290 mill road city centre the phone number is 01223247877 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 nope i m all set thanks again	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i m looking for a modern european restaurant near the centre could you hook me up ?	yes i have 4 results matching your request is there a price range you re looking for ?
2 i would like moderate price range please	i found de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie does either of them sound good for you ?
3 yes could you book me one seat at 17:45 on a monday ?	i m sorry there are no available seats at either of those restaurants could you try another time or a different day perhaps ?
4 lets try a table for 1 on monday at 16:45 instead	okay that worked ! the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is : mjeoq3r5
5 fantastic that s all i need thank you !	thank you for 7 for booking with us have a great day

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve world food and should be in the centre	unfortunately i couldn t find a restaurant that serves that kind of food in that area
2 what expensive restaurants are there ?	the cambridge chop house is expensive and it s british food is that okay ?
3 no try looking for a restaurant that serves korean food	i found the little seoul restaurant would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 yes a table for two	i d be happy to reserve for you what day and time are you looking for ?
5 thank you i need a reservation for 2 people at 13:15 on monday	gg3dcufd is your confirmation code may i help you with anything else ?
6 no that was everything thanks	thank you for using our services

1 hi i d like to find a moderately priced steakhouse	sorry i can t find any steakhouses would you be interested in moderately priced british cuisine instead ?
2 how about in the centre ?	i apologize i can t find any in the centre either
3 how about spanish food then ?	la tasca meets your standards would you like to book this restaurant ?
4 no thank you can i have the phone number for it though ?	the phone number for la tasca is 01223464630 anything else ?
5 that s all the information i needed today thank you	you re welcome it was a pleasure to help have a nice day

1 could you give me information about a restaurant called panahar ?	absolutely panahar is a more expensive indian restaurant it is located at 8 norfolk street city centre their postal code is cb12lf their phone number is 01223355012
2 could you book a table for me there on friday ?	yes i can for how many people and what time on friday ?
3 there will be 4 of us and we would like to eat at 11:00	booking was unfortunately unsuccessful can we try another day or time slot ?
4 sure how about 10:00 ?	the 10:00 slot at panahar was available your reference number is 12rtygz7 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you have a great day !	i m glad i could assist you

1 yes i am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant	there are quite a few options do you have a preference for the area ?
2 i don t could you make a recommendation ?	the ugly duckling located in the centre has great food and is very popular would you like me to make you a reservation ?
3 what is the postcode for that restaurant ?	ugly duckling s postcode is cb21tw can i book a table for you ?
4 that won t be necessary thank you for the help !	thank you have a great time

1 i m in the mood for a traditional american food restaurant tonight and looking to treat myself to some expensive fine dining can you help me find a perfect place ?	i have gourmet burger kitchen it s an expensive north american food restaurant would you like to book a table ?
2 is it located in the centre of town ?	yes gourmet burger kitchen is in the centre of town would you like to book it ?
3 no thank you we will just head there now	sounds great ! is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 that will be all thank you	it s my pleasure have a lovely day ! bye !
5 awesome but can you give me the reference number ?	i need to know then how big is your party and exact time ?
6 oh yeah sure - i need table for 3 people at 19:00 on wednesday	sorry but booking was unsuccessful what about another time ?
7 hmm find me something chinese then	hmm that was also unsuccessful does different time work for you ?
8 yeah actually let s try 18:00	i booked for you ugly duckling at 18:00 your ref number is ikxbxweo
9 great to hear that have a good day !	always there for you ! have a nice dinner !

1 i want a restaurant in the town centre can you help me ?	we have 69 restaurants available could you specify type or price range please ?
2 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant i m looking to book for just myself at 14:00 on friday	okay i took the liberty of booking you into the oak bistro that serves traditional british food your reference number is ba2mq3eb
3 that sounds perfect thanks for your help !	have a wonderful day !

1 are there any chinese restaurants on the north side of town ?	there are three - hakka golden wok and the hotpot would you like more information on one of these ?
2 can you tell me if one of those is located in the northern part of town ?	all three are located on the north side do you have a price range you d prefer ? the golden wok is moderately priced while the others are expensive
3 the golden wok is fine can i get their phone number ?	the golden wok s phone number is 01223350688 and their address is 191 histon road chesterton would you like to make a reservation ?
4 no i just needed the phone number thanks very much for your help	thank you goodbye

1 could you tell me where cotto is located ?	i have them at 183 east road city centre cb11bg
2 great ! do you know what price range they are in ?	sure they are in the moderate price range
3 thanks good bye	you re welcome have a great day

1 i need to find an italian place to eat hopefully with moderate prices	i have 5 restaurants that would fit that is there a particular area you want to dine in ?
2 no just pick me one you think would be good to go to and please provide me with an address to that location	how about prezzo ? it s located at 21 - 24 northampton road
3 thanks so much for the info i will pay them a visit have a nice day	you have a nice day also good bye

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve british food	how about graffiti ? i ve heard great things
2 that sounds interesting what area is the restaurant in ?	it is in the west area
3 thanks what is the postcode address and area ?	graffiti is in the west area address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road postcode cb30lx do you want reservations ?
4 no thanks i just needed some info on it that s all now	great glad i could help if you think of anything else you need or you would like to book a table i d be glad to help with that too bye !

1 i need a cheap restaurant please	sure i can help you with that do you prefer a specific area in town ? or maybe you d like a certain kind of food ?
2 yes portuguese food would be nice	nandos has restaurants in the south and the centre of town would you like to book either of those ?
3 yes i would like to book nandos in the south for 1 person at 15:30 on monday	i m sorry there are no tables available for monday at 15:30 would you like to try for a different day or time ?
4 can you see if they have an opening at 14:30 instead ?	i made you a reservation at nando s south at 14:30 on monday the reference number is hb047xsi they ll hold the table for 15 minutes do you need anything else ?
5 no that will be all thank you	thank you have a great day goodbye

1 i m looking for a cheap place to dine i want it to be on the west side of town	there are two cheap restaurants on the west side one italian and one vietnamese do you have a preference ?
2 shucks no polish ?	no sorry we have no cheap polish restaurants in the west of town would you like me to look in a different area or price range ?
3 i suppose italian might suffice do you have any listings for cheap italian restaurants on the west side ?	i do have la margherita that meets your requests would you like me to book a table for you ?
4 no but could you please give me the address and the phone number ?	certainly la margherita is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223315232 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no that s all i need thank you for your help !	awesome have a good rest of your day !

1 i d like to find a place that i can get some northern european food	unfortunately i was unable to find a restaurant that serves northern european food is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 okay what about a restaurant that serves modern european food ?	i have several can you be mores specific on price and area please ?
3 i am looking for the moderate price range the area doesn t matter	how about de luca cucina and bar ?
4 does that serve modern european food ?	the de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food
5 what s the post code and phone number of de luca cucina ?	the post code is cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666 is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 that is all thanks for you help	you are welcome have a great day

1 hi ! are there any restaurants in town that serve scottish food ?	no there is not is there something else you would like to try ?
2 if there are no scottish places in the west what about expensive places to eat ?	there are quite a few places that are expensive what type of cuisine would you like ?
3 what about indian restaurants ? are there any expensive ones in the west ?	there are a couple of indian resturants in the west may i recommend tandoori palace ?
4 could you give me their address ?	sure 68 histon road chesterton would you like for me to make reservations ?
5 thank you that is all i will need today	you re welcome have a nice day
6 thanks again for your help goodbye	thank you for calling today goodbye

1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant	okay we have 57 restaurants in that price range are you looking for a place in a certain part of town ?
2 i d like something in the centre if possible	most of the expensive restaurants in cambridge happen to be in the center of town ! would you like to try some british food at fitzbillies ?
3 that sounds nice ! can i just get their phone number address and postcode ?	the address is 51 trumpington street city centre the phone number is 01223352500 and the postcode is cb21rg is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that s everything thanks for the help !	you re welcome have a good day

1 i am looking for a place to eat in the west thai food please	the sala thong serves thai food it is expensive but good can i reserve a table for you ?
2 yes that sounds great !	what day time and party size do you need ?
3 could you give me the address phone number and postcode ?	the address is 35 newnham road newnham phone number is 01223323178 and finally their postcode is cb39ey is there anything else i can help with ?
4 okay great that is all i need to know	are there any other tasks you need help with ?
5 no that is all i need today	ok thank you

1 i m looking for a cheap place to dine preferably in the centre of town	sure are you interested in chinese food ?
2 yes what restaurants are there ?	there is the charlie chan rice house and golden house would you like to book a table at one of these ?
3 charlie chan sounds good thank you !	what day and time and for how many people would you like to book ?
4 i d like to book 4 people at 14:15 on friday	all right i ve booked that for you your reference number is iyq8fy20 can i help you with anything else ?
5 that is all thank you very much	thank you have a great time

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve chinese food	charlie chan is a great choice ! would you like a reservation/
2 which area is it in ?	it s in the centre of town
3 thanks for you help that is all i need for now	great ! have a nice day !

1 hi - i m looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town can you help me ?	yes i there are five restaurants that match what you are looking for is there a food type you would prefer ?
2 surprise me i just need a table for 6 at 12:00 on thursday	sure i have made a reservation for 6 people at 12:00 thursday at grafton hotel restaurant reference number is : swdeohlf may i help with anything else ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you	you are very welcome ! enjoy your meal !

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve mediterranean food and should be in the south	i m afraid there aren t any would you like to try another area or cuisine ?
2 what restaurants are cheap ?	nandos is cheap in that area
3 how about one that serves portuguese food ?	nandos serves portuguese food in the south area would you like a reservation ?
4 yes please 3 people at 12:15 on friday	booking was unsuccessful is there another day or time slot you would be interested in ?
5 how about for 11:15 ?	yes that did the trick ! your reference number is otn7hhgy and they ll hold the table for 15 minutes is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that is all i need thank you	you re very welcome good day

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and served british food	what part of area would you like to visit ?
2 how about the center ? i need a reservation for 8 people at 14:15 on a friday	the oak bistro is one of several restaurants that match your description would you like me to book a table there for that time ?
3 yes that would be fine is there a table for 8 available ?	i d be happy to make your reservation what time and day would you like that for ?
4 friday at 14:15	they do not have a table for 8 available at 14:15 friday would you like to try for another day or time slot ?
5 can you try to book it for 13:15 ?	that time worked your reservation was successful and your reference number is x4u272ec can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that s all i needed thanks for your help !	excellent have a good one !

1 i m looking for an expensive place to eat located in centre of town can you help ?	yes i have many to choose from could we narrow it down by cuisine ? what type of food sounds good to you ?
2 you know i d really love some latin american food how about that ?	while we have lots of expensive restaurants in the center of town none of them serve latin american food would you like another cuisine ?
3 sure i like indian food	oh yes we have several indian restaurants ! i recommend panahar located at 8 norfolk street city centre would you like a table there ?
4 yes please book one for saturday at 19:45 there will be 3 people	there doesn t seem to be any availability for saturday at 19:45 is there another time slot or possibly another day that would work for you ?
5 let s try an hour earlier	the booking was successful at 18:45 your reference number is : xlwrecbf is there anything else that i can do for you ?
6 no that s all i needed thank you !	thank you for calling enjoy !

1 i would like to find a restaurant in the centre	there are several good restaurant options in that area is there a specific type of food you are looking for ?
2 i need it to be in the expensive price range what are my options ?	there are quite few expensive places there with many food types from african to turkish perhaps you would like local food - there are several expensive british restaurants
3 lets go with the turkish one can i get the address and postcode please ?	the address is 196 mill road city centre postcode cb13nf
4 thanks for the information goodbye	enjoy your meal at the meze bar restaurant goodbye

1 i need a restaurant something expensive and italian	i was able to get a couple of options for you is there a certain area you would like to go to ?
2 i would like to go to the centre please	how about stazione restaurant and coffee bar ?
3 okay that sounds good i need a table for 7 at 11:30 on thursday	booking was unfortunately unsuccessful let s try another day or time slot
4 okay will you try 10:30 instead ?	you are booked for 10:30 your reference number is 4h1drif8 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 that s all thanks goodbye	enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant called city stop restaurant	it is an expensive european restaurant in the north part of town would you like to make a booking ?
2 yes i would please reserve a table for 4 at 17:30 on thursday i would like the reference number as well please	alright i ve booked a table for 4 at 17:30 on thursday your reference number is vlg5u01z
3 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	you too enjoy your meal !

1 hi ! i need to find the restaurant pizza express fen ditton	ok i ve pizza express fen ditton would you like the phone number or address for that ?
2 yes please also what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food and they re located at jesus lane fen ditton cb58ba their phone number is 01223324033 can i help with anything else today ?
3 no that is all i need bye bye	thank you have a good day goodbye

1 can you help me find a restaurant that serves greek food and is expensive ?	i apologize but there are no expensive greek restaurants listed would you like to try a different food type or price range ?
2 do you have any indian restaurants ?	we have 14 indian restaurants in the expensive category do you have any more information to narrow down the search ?
3 i do not is there one you can recommend ?	i can recommend one for you but first is there a particular part of town you would like to travel too ?
4 any part of town is fine i just need the address and postcode of one you d recommend	i would recommend the maharajah tandoori restaurant it s in the west end the address is 41518 castle street city centre the postcode is cb30ah shall i make a booking ?
5 no not yet i just wanted the info thanks	you re welcome have a very nice day

1 can you help me find a good thai restaurant in the west ?	there is sala thong that s expensive would you like me to book a table for you ?
2 yes that would be great	can you please tell me how many people and what day and time you would like me to book it ?
3 thursday at 12:45 for 7 people	i was able to book that for you for thursday your reference number is 07ci497h
4 thank you for your service	you are quite welcome do you need any further assistance ?
5 no the reservation is all goodbye	thank you for using our services

1 hi there i m trying to impress my girlfriend and was wondering if there might be a really nice british restaurant in town ?	is there a particular area in town or a particular price range you are targeting ?
2 not really if you find a suitable one please give me the postcode	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant you might enjoy the postcode is cb58pa
3 thanks ! that s all i need today i appreciate your help	we are happy to help have all of your needs been met ?
4 indeed they have	i am glad we were able to assist you have a good day and goodbye

1 i m in the mood for swedish food but i want something in the centre of town	i m sorry there are no swedish restaurants in the area do you have another cuisine you would like to try ?
2 what about chinese ?	i have 10 chinese restaurants in the centre area what price range would you like ?
3 could you recommend one ?	charlie chan is amazing and cheap ! would you like me to book it for you ?
4 yes please ! i d like a table for 5 on monday at 15:15	your booking was successful and the reference number is u4uc246k is there anything else i can help with today ?
5 that s all thank you !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy your meal !

1 hi i m looking for a restaurant called pizza hut cherry hinton can you help me find it ?	yes sure would you like their address or phone number ?
2 no i wanted to make a reservation there	i d be happy to make you a reservation for what day/time and how many is in your party ?
3 just one person on sunday at 19:45	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : cko62hoh is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that will be all thank you	great enjoy your meal goodbye !

1 i d love to find an expensive german restaurant	i m sorry there are no german restaurants in the area is there another cuisine i could search for ?
2 how about one that serves european food ?	i have several european restaurants to choose from did you want to dine in a certain area of the city ?
3 i don t care which area just need to find a table for 5 people at 15:00 on saturday i will need the reference number once booked	i think you d enjoy eraina so i ve booked you a table there the reference number is 0it4qd59
4 great thank you for all your help	you are quite welcome thank you and goodbye !

1 are there any moderately priced restaurants serving international food ?	yes there are two in the centre of town the varsity restaurant and the bloomsbury restaurant would you like more information ?
2 what is the address of the bloomsbury ?	they are located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street
3 what is their phone number ?	the phone number for the bloomsbury restaurant is 08719429180 can i help you in arranging a reservation ?
4 not at the moment but i would also like their address and postcode	the bloomsbury restaurant can be found at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street with a postcode of cb23dt
5 great thanks very much !	you are welcome do you need anything else ?
6 no thank you that is all	thank you goodbye

1 hi ! are there any expensive greek restaurants in town ?	unfortunately there are none would you like to try something else ?
2 are there any expensive french restaurants in town ?	yes there are two: restaurant two two in the north at 22 chesterton road chesterton cb43ax and cote in the centre at bridge street city centre cb21uf anything else ?
3 i ll take a table for 1 at 17:30 sunday at cote	i m sorry there is no availability for sunday at 17:30 would you like to try a different day or time slot ?
4 can i get a table at 16:30 instead ?	booked ! the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is 48aqq83y
5 excellent thank you !	you re welcome ! is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that will be all thanks again bye	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i m looking for a restaurant serving barbeque in the centre of town	sorry there are no barbeque restaurants in the centre can i help you find something else ?
2 can you find a restaurant that has asian or oriental food ?	yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food
3 could you give me their postcode please ?	yes yippee noodle bar is in postcode cb11lh can i be of any further assistance today ?
4 thanks all i need today thank you	thank you have a good day goodbye

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the south that serves international food	unfortunately i was unable to find a restaurant in the south that serves international cuisine is there another type of cuisine that would interest you ?
2 no i really need a restaurant in the south that serves international food	there is international food in the east and centre of town the south has many cuisines but no international food
3 are there any restaurants in the south that serve indian food ?	taj tandoori is a indian place that is in the south the number is 01223412299
4 will you please book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on wednesday ?	unfortunately the time and day you ve chosen is unavailable would you like to book a different time or day ?
5 we can go earlier how about 15:15 please ?	booking was successful for 15:15 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is xqa73lql anything else ?
6 great that was all thanks	you re very welcome ! goodbye

1 i need a restaurant in the centre moderate priced	restaurant one seven is a good choice which day ?
2 does it serve chinese food ?	no but i have three other options for you to choose from
3 what are they ?	i have the lan hong house jinling noodle bar and the shanghi family restaurant that are all moderately priced and serving chinese food
4 i would like a table for 8 at 16:30 wednesday at shanghi family restaurant please	i was not able to book that for you at that time is there another time that would work for you ?
5 yes i could eat at 15:30 perhaps	that time is available ! i have booked the reservation the reference number is v0kcn2ri is there anything else ?
6 no that s all i need thanks for the help	thank you have a great day goodbye

1 hello can i find a place that serves chinese food and has expensive price range for my family	i ve found several restaurants meeting your criteria is there a specific area of town you re looking for ?
2 i want a restuarant that i can book a table for four people on monday 1300hrs	i have found yu garden in the east would you like me to go ahead and book that ?
3 yes please for 4 people at 13:00 on monday	i was unable to book there shall i try another time or place ?
4 how about tuesday same time	your table is booked for tuesday and will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is 47eljdk0 anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you !	thank you enjoy your stay in cambridge

1 is there a moderate restaurant in the centre of town ?	certainly we have 21 do you have a cuisine type or a price range ?
2 yes i d like a moderately priced restaurant	cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town it serves british food
3 please give me their address and postcode	the cotto is located at 183 east road city centre and their postcode is cb11bg would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 no thank you you have helped me tremendously and i have everything i need to know thanks and have a good day	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of town and serves light bites food	we dont have any restaurant like that
2 do you have any expensive restaurants ?	no expensive restaurant
3 could you try chinese food instead ?	i found 4 different expensive chinese restaurants that you could try how does hk fusion sound to you ?
4 that sounds good can you book a table for 5 people at 11:15 on wednesday please ?	i m sorry i am not able to book for that day/time would you like to try another time or different restaurant ?
5 yes how about 10:15 instead i also need the reference number	i was able to book it for 10:15 you reference number is 7hqz1td6
6 thank you for your help	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that was all thank you	thank you for using our services

1 i d like to find a place to dine in the west that serves modern american food	i did not find any would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 sure let s try modern english food	i apologize sir but there are no restaurants serving modern english cuisine what else shall we try ?
3 could you look for a restaurant that serves thai food ?	sala thong seems like a good match !
4 ok.book for seven people at 1215hrs	what day are you wanting that booking for ?
5 make the reservation for thursday please	thursday is not available
6 how about 11:15 on thursday ?	booking was successful for 11:15 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : swz8s95v
7 great thanks for your help	is there anything else i can assist with ?
8 no that s all i need thanks !	thank you goodbye

1 would you be able to recommend an expensive restaurant that serves panasian food ?	unfortunately there are no expensive panasian restuarants nearby
2 are there any panasian restaurants ?	i m sorry but i can t find any panasian restaurants
3 that s okay are there any expensive italian restaurants ? i d prefer the centre of town	there are no expensive italian restaurants in that area
4 well can you recommend me another expensive restaurant i need the address and the phone number to make a reservation	caffe uno is an expensive italian restaurant in the centre it can be located at 32 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223448620
5 thanks i will check it out	do you need anything else today ?
6 yes can you tell me what their postcode is please ?	yes it s cb21uj
7 thanks so much that is all i needed	i m glad i could help you today

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant it s efes restaurant	i was able to find efes restaurant for you this is a turkish restaurant in the centre of town with a moderate price range would you like a booking ?
2 yes i would for 3 people wednesday at 18:15	unfortunately the restaurant is full at this time is there another time or day i can reserve for you ?
3 can you check for 17:15 on the same day ?	sure you re all set for 17:15 with reference number 6lzypifz the table will be reserved for 15 minutes would you like assistance with anything else ?
4 no that s all i need today i appreciate your help - goodbye !	thank you for using this system !

1 are there any portuguese restaurants in cambridge ?	yes there is a portuguese restaurant in cambridge with two different locations would you like the addresses ?
2 if one of them has a moderate price range please give me that address if not tell me about turkish restaurants instead	i have two turkish restuarants both in the centre and both expensive may i recommend anatolia ?
3 actually i need a moderately priced restaurant are there any fitting that description ?	i am sorry i mistook that price range the anatolia is in the moderate range would that work for you ?
4 yes i need a reservation for 1 people at 14:00 on monday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 96zyhln1
5 thanks so much that s all for today bye !	you are more than welcome !

1 are there any restaurants that serve proper british food in town ?	oh yes quite a few which part of town will you be dining in ?
2 west if possible	we have three: graffiti saint john s chop house and traveller s rest
3 will you give me the phone number address and postcode for graffiti please ?	yes the phone number is 01223277977 the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and the post code is cb30lx want to book ?
4 no thank you i think that will be everything today	you re welcome glad to help have a nice day !

1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre	i have found many possibilities golden house is chinese and the river bar steakhouse and grill serves modern european are either of those of interest for you ?
2 yes may i have the address postcode and phone number for golden house ? i ll book it myself	they are located at 12 lensfield road city centre postcode cb21eg and phone number 01842753771
3 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	thank you for using our service have a great day

1 i need a restaurant located in the centre for a moderate price	sure i can help you with that i have 21 restaurants available would you like a certain type of food ?
2 i am looking just for any restaurant available for 5 people at 13:45 on saturday	i was able to book yippee noodle bar and your reference is 7j4exp7m
3 great ! thank you very much !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s all i need thank you	thank you for using our system !

1 i need help finding an expensive place to eat in the west please	there are many options for expensive food in west cambridge is there a specific type of food you would like ?
2 yes i would like eat indian food where i can eat search chicken tikka masala	i m sorry there is nothing showing for chicken tikka masala there are however 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west part of cambridge i would recommend the rice boat
3 i d like to book the rice boat for 1 at 11:45 on monday	you are booked for the rice boat on monday at 11:45 your reference number is s224qq91 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no i think that covers it thanks so much for your help !	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

1 i would like to go to an indian restaurant in the north	i found 2 that matches your criteria would you prefer a moderate or cheap pricing ?
2 how about the moderate one ? may i have their address please ?	yes the nirala s address is 7 milton road chesterton and their postcode is cb41uy is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no that is all thank you have a nice day	so glad we could help you out thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre and have a glorious day !

1 i m looking to find a place to eat in the centre of town that needs to have a moderate price range can you give me some options ?	there are quite a few options in the centre of town there s chinese italian spanish turkish and british food just to name a few what would you like ?
2 is there a lebanese option ? i m really craving some lebanese right now	yes ! ali baba is a great lebanese restaurant that would suit your needs it s located at 59 hills road city centre what other information do you need ?
3 can you please get me a reservation at ali baba for tonight at 7pm ?	certainly how many people will be in your party total ?
4 actually can i just get the address there for now please ?	the ali baba is located at 59 hills road city centre would you like any other information ?
5 that s all i need thanks for your help !	you have a nice triip and thank you for contacting us have a great day !

1 hi i was wondering if there are any eastern european type restaurants in the south part of the city ?	unfortunately there are no eastern european restuarants in the south part of the city is there anything else you want ?
2 i m looking for an expensive eastern european place in the south	unfortunately i don t happen to have any listing that meets what you were looking for would you like me to try either a different area or type of restaurant ?
3 how about a chinese restaurant ?	certainly we have two expensive chinese restaurants the good luck chinese food takeaway and peking restaurant would you like a reservation at one if so for how many ?
4 i would like a reservation for 2 to the peking restaurant	ok and what day and time would you like that reservation ?
5 i d like to make a reservation for saturday at 11:45 and there has been a change in plans i will be dining alone	your reservation is complete would you like anything else ?
6 can i get the reference number for that reservation ?	yes the reference number is knl2j63q
7 excellent that is everything !	awesome enjoy your meal

1 i would like a british food restaurant in the centre	sure there are 7 restaurants that meet your needs 4 are moderate and 3 are expensive do you have a preference ?
2 only the best for my family we ll take the expensive one book us a table for 5 at 14:00 on thursday	i m sorry i am having difficulty making a reservation for you shall we try another time or restaurant type ?
3 let s try italian instead	caffe uno is a very nice expensive italian restaurant in the center of town would you like a table there ?
4 actually i change my mind i think i want to stick with british food after all can you suggest any one thats in the centre of town ?	fitzbillies restaurant the cambridge chop house and midsummer house are all centrally located british and very expensive but none have a table for 5 available on thursday at 14:00
5 can you try the cambridge chop house for thursday for 5 people at 13:00 instead ?	your reservation at the cambridge chop house for 5 people at 13:00 on thursday was successful your reference number is u6gv5zzv is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that s all i need thanks for your help !	you re welcome thank you for using our system
7 you re welcome ! it was great !	have a good day !

1 hi can you help me find a restaurant in the centre area ?	of course ! there are 69 restaurants in the centre what type of food would you like ?
2 i m in the mood for italian food which is your favorite ?	sure how about stazione restaurant and coffee bar can i make a reservation for you ?
3 great can you book a table for 1 on saturday at 12:45 ?	your table is reserved reference number i40q0gzm
4 terrific ! you are great please send me all this information to my e-mail thanks	you re welcome was there anything else you need ?
5 no i have everything i wanted to know thanks very much	you re welcome enjoy your meal
6 thanks i will	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a fantabulous day !

1 i am looking for a high end indian restaurant are there any in town ?	there are 14 expensive indian restaurants in cambridge is there an area of town that you prefer ?
2 the restaurant should be in the west	the tandoori palace sounds like just what you are looking for would you like a reservation ?
3 yes please for 1 person saturday at 19:15 please	all right i ve made your reservation the reference number is ngoq9j96 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 nope that s all thank you for your help !	you are welcome enjoy your dinner !

1 yes i hope so are there any chinese restaurants toward the east end of town ?	yes there s just one: yu garden !
2 great can you book a table for 1 at 19:30 on monday ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 5mr8ko1d is there anything else i can help with ?
3 i think that takes care of everything thanks !	glad i could help !

1 what restaurants in the centre serve international cuisine ?	the varsity restaurant and the bloomsbury restaurant serve international food and are in the centre of town
2 how about a place in the moderate price range ?	both of the named restaurants are in the moderate price range
3 ok can you book a table for 6 at 12:00 on tuesday at the varsity restaurant ? i will need a reference number too please	certainly i will have that reference number for you in just one second
4 thanks looking forward to it	yes i can i have booked you a table for 12 noon on tuesday for 6 people your reference number is wc1zy82v anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that is all thank you	you re welcome good-bye

1 i m looking for a place to eat in the east that is expensive	sure we have british chinese gastropubs and indian restaurants would you like to book a table at one of them
2 how about an expensive british place ? i d like a reservation for wednesday	okay i have the grafton hotel restaurant what time would you like me to book your reservation ?
3 i would like a table at 14:00 on wednesday for 5 people	unfortunately they did not have that day and time available would you like to try for another date or time slot ?
4 do they have an opening at 13:00 on wednesday for 5 people ?	yes i ve made your reservation the reference number is 96ih1qyg what else can i help you with ?
5 that s all thanks goodbye	goodbye have a great day !

1 i m looking for a place to dine on the south side of town please find a place that s in the expensive price range	i found five expensive restaurants on the south side of town would you prefer chinese indian italian or mexican ?
2 do you have a favorite you could recommend ? i will need the phone and postcode and food type also please	if you ask me the chiquito restaurant bar serves the best mexican food around their postcode is cb17dy you can reach them at 01223400170 can i help with anything else ?
3 no that will be it thank you for your help	thank you have a nice day

1 are there any british restaurants in the centre ?	oh yes i have quite a few did you have a preferred price range in mind ?
2 i d like an expensive restaurant please	i found three restaurants: fitzbillies restaurant the cambridge chop house or midsummer house restaurant would you like a table booked ?
3 i want to make a booking at fitzbillies restaurant it will be for 8 people on friday at 12:00	i am sorry but they do not have any seating for 8 people at that time would you like to try another day or time ?
4 can we make it for 11:00 ?	sure you re booked at 11:00 with reference number thsw3fkf the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i help with anything else ?
5 thanks that s all i need goodbye	you re welcome enjoy !

1 am looking for a place to dine it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range	were you looking for a specific type of food ?
2 yes i am looking for a restaurant that offers vegetarian options	i m sorry but i do not have any vegetarian restaurants in the centre area would you like me to search another area for you ?
3 yes how about expensive turkish food in the centre of town ?	you would probably enjoy meze bar restaurant would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 yes please reserve a table for 4 on monday at 15:15	i m sorry booking was unsuccessful could you try another time perhaps ?
5 okay how about the same time for saturday ?	still not open then shall i try another date or another place to eat ?
6 could you try another expensive turkish restaurant in the centre ? i d really like to dine on monday	the meze bar restaurant is expensive and serves turkish food what time on monday and how many in your party ?
7 for 4 people at 15:15 on either monday or saturday please	sorry your booking was unsuccessful would you like a different day or time slot ?
8 is the meze bar restaurant available for saturday same time ?	good news i was able to book saturday at 15:15 your reference number is uywxp4gd
9 thanks that s all i need good bye	great ! enjoy your trip !

1 hi i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving north indian food	we don t have any specific restaurants in that category let s try something else ?
2 that s too bad how about chinese ?	okay sure what do you have ?
3 okay when you find something i would like to make a reservation for 2 people on a sunday at 13:30	do you have a price range in mind ?
4 i don t mind about the price range	okay how about lan hong house ? it is a chinese restsurant in the centre area and is in the moderate price range will that work for you ?
5 that s fine can you try booking it ?	i m sorry but i wasn t able to book the restaurant for that date and time would you like to try a different time ?
6 how about 12:30 ?	you are booked for 12:30 on sunday for 2 people your reference number is f1ntkwzo is there something else i can help you with ?
7 thanks so much have a nice day bye	thank you if you need anything else let me know.good bye

1 i m looking for an italian restaurant on the south side of town	sure we have either pizza hut cherry hinton or frankie and bennys would you like to book a table at one of these places ?
2 great ! i d like a table at frankie and bennys for 7 people at 14:00 on friday	i m sorry that time is not available would you like to book another day or time ?
3 how about at 13:00 at same time ?	your table is reserved at 13:00 on friday your reference number is rq2l5tkr
4 great that s all i need !	thank you let us know if you need anything else good bye

1 i m looking for a restaurant in the centre of town with a modest price range can you recommend one ?	yippee noodle bar has good ratings and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town
2 that sounds great can i reserve a table for 4 at 20:00 on wednesday ?	booking was unsuccessful let s try another day or time
3 okay let s try 19:00 instead	that was succesful your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is : 54gi6ai7
4 that is wonderful thank you for your help have a great day	is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
5 there is nothing else again thank you goodbye	have a great day goodbye !

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the north and should serve italian food	da vinci pizzeria at 20 milton road chesterton
2 is that restaurant cheap ?	yes the restaurant is cheap
3 please get me the you get phone number and address	the phone number is 01223351707 and the address is 20 milton road chesterton would you like to make a reservation ?
4 no thank you i don t a reservation that is all the info i need today	you re welcome please call us again and have a nice day
5 you too thank you goodbye now	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

1 i m looking for a restaurant called la margherita	yes that s a great cheap italian place on the west side what other information can i get for you ?
2 that s all i needed thank you	have a nice day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant serving chinese food in the centre part of town	there are several chinese restaurants in the centre area what price range are you considering ?
2 i am looking for something expensive	how about hk fusion located at 21 burleigh street city centre ? would you like me to book ?
3 that sounds great ! yes please ! book a table for 3 people at 15:45 on friday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : cdbqymui is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that will be all thank you very much !	you are welcome enjoy the meal bye

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be expensive and should serve chinese food	would you like the restaurant in a specific place ?
2 not in any specific area please i need to book a table for 3 at 14:00 on saturday	unfortunately it looks like all the options are booked for that day/time would you like me to change the time or possibly the day ?
3 how about 13:00 then ?	yes i can book you at the yu garden for 13:00
4 what is the reference number for my booking ?	your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference is p3vzvzgy can i help you with anything else ?
5 no thank you that is all i needed !	great let us know if you need anything else !

1 i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town please	there are quite a few choices for you what kind of cuisine do you enjoy ?
2 i don t care choose a restaurant you recommend !	how about bedouin an african restaurant ?
3 sounds great could you book me a table for 8 on wednesday at 15:30 ?	i sure can i have a table for 8 booked for you at the bedouin for 15:30 they will hold that for fifteen minutes
4 may i have the booking reference number ?	certainly the reference number is 922yorfc
5 thank you very much for your help	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that s all i need today thank you !	you are welcome

1 i am looking for a place serving indian food in the moderate price range	i ve head the curry prince is fantastic what area are you looking for ?
2 the area does not matter the curry prince sounds good please book a table for 7 people at 19:30 on tuesday	ok i have a table booked for 7 at 19:30 on tuesday your reference number is rpwowdoo
3 okay thank you that will be all	you re welcome enjoy your meal

1 i d like to find some expensive mexican cuisine	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant in the south would you like me to book it ?
2 sure that would be great	okay is there a particular day and time that would work for you ?
3 yes i would like it made for wednesday for 7 people at 18:30 please	booked ! your table will be held for 15 minutes reference number is c3hmwgus
4 that s great thank you very much	is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 that s it for now thanks	enjoy your dinner thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called restaurant alimentum	restaurant alimentum offers modern european found south has moderate price range 01223413000 cb28pb 152 - 154 hills road
2 thanks a lot that s all the information i m looking for goodbye	goodbye and have a nice day

1 hi there i m hoping you can help me i am looking to try molecular gastronomy food might there be a restaurant like this in the centre of town ?	sorry but there aren t any molecular gastronomy restaurants in any part of town would you like to try something else ?
2 yes how about gastropubs or international in the moderate price range	we have the cow pizza kitchen and bar located in the center of town in the moderate price range should book you in ?
3 is that a gastropub ?	yes indeed i can make a reservation if you d like
4 what is their address ?	they re located on corn exchange street cb23qf can i help with anything else today ?
5 that s all i needed today thank you !	thank you ! goodbye

1 i m looking for an indian restaurant preferably in the centre of town	there are a number of options for indian restaurants in the centre of town what price range would you like ?
2 i would prefer cheap restaurants	i was able to find three options in your price range may i recommend the gandhi ?
3 sure please book a table there fore 7 people at 12:15 on saturday	i was able to book that for you they will be reserve your table for 15 minutes your reference number is 6eq61sd9 is there anything more i can help with ?
4 no that s all i needed thank you !	thank you for calling enjoy !

1 can you help me find a restaurant that serves african food with a moderate price range please	i am sorry there aren t any options available may i ask if there is another type of restaurant you would be interested in ?
2 yes how about asian food in the same price range ?	yes i have the yippee noodle bar in the center of town on king street in the moderate price range they serve asian cuisine is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 will you please book a table for 6 at 13:45 on friday ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 3gllhsnn
4 that s all i needed thanks a lot for the help !	great ! enjoy
5 will do	come back for any future help you may need

1 hi ! are there any asian oriental restaurants in the center of town ?	i have 4 different options for you did you prefer a certain price range ?
2 something moderately priced would be great	the yippee noodle bar is an asian oriental restraunt in the town centre with a moderate price would you like to make a booking ?
3 yes i need a table for 4 on saturday	what time shall we make that booking for ?
4 16:30 please	okay i successfully booked that table for you at 1630 for your party please arrive on time as the table is only reserved for 15 minutes.your reference number is lsay2yox
5 thank you i think that s everything i need	you re welcome ! have a nice day

1 i d like to find an expensive place to eat in the south	we have several available would you prefer chinese indian italian or mexican ?
2 i really don t have a preference how about chinese ? i will need their phone number and postcode please	sure i think you ll like peking restaurant their postcode is cb28nx and their phone number is 01223354755 may i help with anything else ?
3 no thank you that is all i needed	thank you and please check back with us for your future travel needs

1 is there a restaurant that serves italian food in the expensive price bracket ?	yes there are 5 such places 4 are in the centre and 1 is in the south would you like to book at one ?
2 absolutely ! thank you !	which area of town would you prefer ?
3 how about the center ?	great how about don pasquale pizzeria ? may i book this for you ?
4 that sounds good no i don t need a reservation but could you tell me the postcode ?	certainly the postcode for don pasquale pizzeria is cb23nj would you like any other information ?
5 no thanks that will do it for me have a good day	thank you you too goodbye

1 yes i am looking for information on a restaurant called bangkok city	that is an expensive thai restaurant do you want me to book a reservation ?
2 yes 5 people friday at 14:15	sorry there are no tables available for your party then perhaps another day or time ?
3 oh no can you get us in at 13:15 then ?	yes that time is available and i ve reserved your table the reference number is wi602i6m
4 thanks ! that s all i needed today - goodbye !	awesome enjoy your stay !

1 i would like to try saigon city	great choice when can i make the reservation for ?
2 5 people on a wednesday at 19:45	you got it here is your reference number: p9d58c0o
3 thank you for help that s everything i needed	have a great day !

1 hi are there any expensive indian restaurants in town ?	yes there are quite a few ! what area of town would you prefer ?
2 i would prefer a restaurant in the west side of town	tandoori palace is in the west part of town located at 68 histon road chesterton can i make a reservation for you ?
3 actually i just need the number and address	the tandoori palace is located at 68 histon road chesterton postcode cb43le and their phone number is 01223506055 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that ll be all for today thanks a lot bye !	have a nice day good bye

1 i need a cheap spanish restaurant are there any around ?	yes la raza is a restaurant serving spanish food in the cheap price range it is located at 4 - 6 rose crescent would you like a reservation ?
2 i would like a restaurant in the centre	la raza is a cheap restaurant serving spanish food in the centre part of town it s address is 4 - 6 rose crescent and it s post code is cb2311
3 great can you book me a table for 7 on tuesday at 11:45 and provide me with a reference number ?	all right i ve made a reservation your reference number is oog9kq5v what else can i do for you ?
4 hey do you know any restaurants near me in the city ?	there a lot of restaurants in the city what kind are you looking for ?
5 never mind i m all set i even have the reference number for my reservation thanks for your help - goodbye !	it was a pleasure to serve you please feel free to use our service again anytime have a good day

1 yes i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south of town	i have many do you have a preference for type of food served ?
2 sorry actually i need an expensive restaurant in the north the first on your list would be great	sure how about saigon city ?
3 sounds great can you book a table for 5 at 18:00 ?	alright which day would you like the reservation to be on ?
4 actually i won t be needing a reservation just yet could you verify the type of food saigon city serves ?	saigon city serves asian oriental cuisine would you need anything other information or assistance ?
5 yes could i get the restuarant s phone number and postcode ?	certainly the phone number is 01223356555 and the postcode is cb41nl anything else i can do for you ?
6 no that s it you ve been very helpful thank you !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i m looking for a place to dine that serves british food it should be in the moderate price range	how about the oak bistro ? it s located in the centre would you like more information or to book a table ?
2 the oak bistro sounds fabulous can i get a table there on sunday at 18:30 ? there will be 6 of us	booked ! your table will be held for 15 minutes reference number is hmwk23p8
3 that s great i think that s all i need	enjoy your meal and thank you for contacting us have a nice day

1 could really use some grub	sure is there any part of town that you d like to look for food in ?
2 somewhere in the centre i m looking for some traditional food	i m sorry but there aren t any traditional restaurants in the centre would you like to try another cuisine ?
3 ok how about lebanese food ?	ali baba is a great restaurant that fits exactly what you are looking for would you like me to book a table for you ?
4 yes please book me a table for 2 people at 12:00 on wednesday	i m sorry that isn t available is there another day or time you could eat ?
5 how about at 11:00 instead ?	your reservation for 11:00 was successful and your reference number is q1xudh9y is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 wonderful thanks for your help today bye	thank you have a good day goodbye

1 hello can you suggest a french restaurant in the north end ?	i have one restaurant in the north end called two two in the expensive range
2 i am interested in the one in the north could i have their postcode and address ?	sure ! restaurant two two is located at 22 chesterton road chesterton in postcode cb43ax will that be all for today ?
3 yes that will be all thanks	thanks for using cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the east	try curry prince or pizza hut fen ditton
2 the restaurant should serve italian food	pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food in the east would you like a reservation ?
3 what other restaurants in that area serve italian food ?	pizza hut fen ditton is the only italian restaurant in the east in the moderate price range do you want me to try other areas ?
4 no that will do can i book a table for monday ?	absolutely how many people will you have and what time are you wanting the reservation ?
5 i will have 5 people and we would like 12:15 if possible thanks	you are booked the reference number is af2gj7g6 may i assist with anything else ?
6 thanks for you help i only need the restaurant reservation goodbye	you re welcome thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day

1 i am looking at a place to eat that serves venetian food in the centre	unfortunately i don t see any restaurants that serve venetian in the centre of town would you like to try a different area or type of cuisine ?
2 do you have any chinese restaurants ?	yes there are 10 in the centre of town any price preference ?
3 i was hoping for an expensive restaurant	there are 4 expensive restaurants that are located in the town centre the ugly duckling tang chinese hk fusion and sesame restaurant and bar would you like information on one ?
4 can i book at the ugly duckling for 4 people at 12:00 on wednesday please ?	great you re all set the reference number is 48mb42od
5 thank you ! can t wait !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that s all i needed thanks	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

1 i m looking for the information on a restaurant called saigon city can you provide me with their info ?	absolutely ! saigon city is an asian oriental restaurant in the north it is a little expensive but worth it it s located at 169 high street chesterton their phone number is 01223356555
2 thanks ! that s all i needed	okay great i am glad i could help you

1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve italian food	i have the cafe uno in the centre of town would that work ?
2 no i just realized i ll be in the south area are there any that meet my criteria in the south ?	yes frankie and bennys is in the south and meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 yes could you book me a table for two sunday at 11:15 ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : zyqx1tyk
4 thank you so much for all of your help have a great day	you are so welcome enjoy your meal

1 good morning are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre ?	i have quite a few restaurants is there is particular type of food you are looking for ?
2 no can you choose one for me and provide me with the postcode	how about the kymmoy that serves asian oriental ? the postcode is cb12as
3 that sounds great thanks so much !	you re welcome would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 no but thank you for your help	you are welcome have a nice day

1 i am looking for a mexican restaurant in the centre	i m sorry there aren t any mexican restaurants in the centre of town would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 how about an indian restaurant then ?	there is the curry garden which serves indian food in the centre would you like to make a booking ?
3 oh no but i do need the postcode address and number	curry garden s phone number is 01223302330 they are located at 106 regent street city centre the postcode is cb21dp would you like me to book you a table ?
4 no really i don t need a booking	no problem is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 that s everything i wanted to find out thanks	glad i could help you today have a nice day !

1 hi i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre please	there are quite a few cheap restaurants in the town center is there a particular cuisine you prefer ?
2 i prefer creative food please	so sorry i m not seeing any creative restaurants will a different cuisine do ?
3 how about one that serves indian food ?	we have 3 located in the centre kohinoor the gandhi and mahal of cambridge do any of these fancy you ?
4 the kohinoor sounds good can you reserve a table for 4 on wednesday ? let s say 18:30 for the time if it s available	i m sorry that isn t available can i try a different day or time perhaps ?
5 try 17:30 okay ?	your reservation has been booked on wednesday for 4 people at 17:30 reference number is m3tw6mpa

1 can you help me find an afghan restaurant on the west side of town ?	there are no listings for an afghan restaurant on the west side would you like to try a different area or cuisine ?
2 try a different cuisine just an expensive restaurant	i have restaurants specializing in thai food indian european or british food which would you prefer ?
3 indian food please what are the options ?	sure how about maharajah tandoori restaurant they serve indian food in the west can i book a table for you ?
4 no i ll have to discuss it with my wife can you just get me the postcode for maharajah tandoori please ?	absolutely ! the postcode is cb30ah is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no that s all i needed thank you !	you re welcome thanks for using our service goodbye

1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves canapes in the east	unfortunately there are no restaurants serving canapes in the east
2 ah well too bad in that case i think that ll be everything that i needed thanks and have a good day !	are you sure ? i can find other options in other parts of town ?
3 how about italian food ?	there is the pizza hut fen ditton in the east serving italian food
4 great ! please book a table for 6 at 16:15 on saturday	sorry but no tables are available for that time slot would you like to change the time ?
5 how about 15:15 then ?	your table is booked your reference number is qw8jzwzk can i help you with anything else ?
6 great thank you for your help today that is all	great thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre

1 i d like to find a resturant that serves cheap chinese food !	charlie chan is located in the centre and it is cheap ! would you like me to book it for you ?
2 yes go ahead and book it and please send me the address	the address is regent street city centre what day and time would you like to book ? how many people ?
3 i do not need to book it what is the postcode and the area please ?	the postcode is cb21db
4 thanks very much !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

1 is there an expensive african restaurant in town	yes the bedouin in the city centre is a good expensive restaurant
2 excellent ! i don t need a table right now but if you could give me the address and phone number that would be great	it is located at 100 mill road city centre and the phone number is 01223367660 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thanks that would be all for today have a nice day	you re welcome goodbye

1 i m looking for a specific restaurant it s called india house can you help with this ?	sure can india house is an expensive indian restaurant in the west part of town would you like a reservation ?
2 yes for 4 people at 16:30 on a saturday i will need a reference number as well	i ve made the reservation and the reference number is hd53udco what else can i help you with ?
3 i think that takes care of everything thanks !	oh it was my pleasure i m here if you need anything else
4 thank you have a great day !	you have a great day !

1 hi i m looking for a restaurant with modern european food it should be in the moderate price range	what area are you wanting to be in ?
2 doesn t really matter is there one in the centre ?	yes there are 2: de luca cucina and bar & riverside brasserie would you like further information ?
3 can i book de luca cucina and bar for 6 people at 19:15 on saturday please ?	your tabled has been reserved for 6 people on saturday at 19:15 the reference number is 9eb2im2s
4 thank you so much that is all i need for now have a great day	thank you goodbye

1 hi i m looking for restaurants in the area that serve british cuisine could you give me some suggestions ?	there are many indian restaurants in the city could you tell me in what area you would like to eat ?
2 is there something available in the west ?	yes there are 3 would you like something in the moderate or expensive price range ?
3 i don t care about the price range however i need to confirm that the restaurant serves british food and is in the centre of town	the restaurant one seven meets your specifications of british food in the centre of town would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes for 6 people at 19:30 on friday please i ll need the reference number	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 59jrjr4e
5 great thanks so much !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that s all i needed thank you	you re welcome have a great meal !

1 hello i m looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre can you help me ?	there are 15 places do you have a food preference ?
2 yes i d love chinese	there are 3 chinese restaurants meeting your requirements may i recommend one for you ?
3 sure pick your favorite and let me have the address postcode and phone number please ?	the golden house is located at 12 lensfield road city centre postcode cb21eg and the phone number is 01842753771 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes please make me a reservation	certainly how many people are dining and what day and time would you like ?
5 actually i don t need a reservation right now the restaurant information was all i needed thanks for your help	you are welcome enjoy your time in cambridge

1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range	curry garden is a great restaurant that fulfills your wishes it is located at 106 regent street city centre
2 awesome can i also get the area post code and phone number ?	yes curry garden is located in the centre and the postcode is cb21dp
3 thanks i just need the phone number so i can call them	the phone number is 01223302330 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks that s all good bye	enjoy yourself and let me know if you need anything else

1 i m trying to find a cheap asian restaurant to have dinner at tonight what kind of options are available for me ?	i have two places how many people and what time ?
2 actually can you suggest one of them can i get their contact info as well ?	sure i would suggest the dojo noodle bar at 40210 millers yard city centre you can reach them at 01223363471 i could reserve it for you
3 no that s ok i can take it from here thank you for all your help	you re welcome ! have a great day goodbye

1 i m looking for a place to dine in the centre	there are many restaurants in the centre of town do you have a preference of food ?
2 is there anywhere that serves middle eastern food ?	unfortunately there is not what else may i check for you ?
3 is there anywhere in the centre that serves mediterranean food ?	i ve found three options sir may i ask what type of price range were you looking for ?
4 i d like something in the expensive price range	there are two expensive mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town--la mimosa and shiraz
5 book either for me	i recommend la mimosa great word of mouth what day and time do you want to dine ? how many will be going please ?
6 can we do saturday at 15:00 ?	sure for how many people ?
7 never mind i ll book the table myself may i have the address and postcode ? and the phone number while you re at it	of course la mimosa is located at thompsons lane fen ditton the post code is cb58aq the phone number is 01223362525 do you need any further assistance ?
8 no thank you that is all i need for now	glad i could help have a good day bye

1 i m looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves chinese food	chinese sounds great i have a variety of restaurants which price range do you prefer ?
2 i am not particular how about moderate ? i will need their phone number address and postcode please	the lan hong house is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the centre area at 12 norfolk street city centre the phone number is 01223350420 and the postcode is cb12lf
3 wonderful that s all i need to know thanks !	i m happy we could help you today ! enjoy your meal !

